Sure, it is a great action thriller starring Morgan Freeman. Do you like thrillers?
I think it was wonderful, but there was also a sequel to it as well, called The Dark Knight. Have you seen that one?
The Hitman's Bodyguard is similar to that one. Have you seen it?
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is considered a Sci-Fi/Action movie. Another good one is World War Z if you like action movies.
Great, enjoy!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released 2012.
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Do you want a list of what she's written?
I believe it was released in 2011 and the genre is historical fiction
You're very welcome
I know that There's Something About Mary is a Thriller starring Ronald Shusett
She's been in a number of films including Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, Bohemian Rhapsody
No. I don't have that information either.
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
no idea, but if you like young adult books, she also wrote What Happened to Goodbye.
yes she did. are you a fan of this genre?
no problem. I am glad that I could help.
Well since your asking of Don Cheadle, might I suggest The Guard?
Actually, it is a crime fiction movie, do you like those kinds of movies?
Actually, Don Cheadle starred in The Guard as well as Don Cheadle.
Hope you enjoy it!
He plays cricket and was recently named Cricketer of the Year.
He is on the India national team, the Manchester United F.C. team.
I don't know any players on the team, but I do know he plays for India.
Yes! Mike Newell directed Pushing Tin and Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time.
Pushing Tin is written by Mike Newell. He also directed it.
Absolutely, Enjoy and have a great day.
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day!
I think he is the best small forward of all time, he is an underrated athlete.
Yes, he is a good basketball player. I don't follow the Warriors too much. How about you?
I watch basketball from time to time. My favorite sport is Basketball. What sport do you like?
Oh, that's too bad. I watch Snoop Dogg from time to time.
I do. I like Cam Newton, a Quarterback of Carolina Panthers. What about you?
Hot Fuzz is an action film starring Jim Carrey and Marcia DeBonis. It was released in 2006.
Yes, I believe so
Sure, it was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
He was in Count Dracula that also starred Louis Jourdan.
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass, or The Grand Sophy. Would you like more recommendations?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, I love it. It stars Spike Jonze and Sean Penn. Do you like them ?
Yes, I like them. The Pledge has genre Thriller.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Will do. Enjoy!
Will do. Enjoy!
Yes, he's a great director. He directed Three Days to Kill. Have you seen that one?
It was written by Stephen King and starred Hugh Jackman.
Fiona Shaw starred in this movie and she also starred in Casanova.
Here are two good ones: What Lies Beneath, When You Reach Me and Something Borrowed.
No, it is a teen horror film and yes.
You're welcome.
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
I hope you enjoy it!
You are welcome!
William Directed The Hunted, The French Collection, and The Exorcist just to name a few.
The Hunted was released in 2009 and the French Connection is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like this genre?
The Devil and Father Amorth is a horror/mystery movie starring Will Smith and was released in 1999.
The Great Gatsby is a timeless classic! Are you interested in books about the American Dream, or would you prefer other works by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Then you might enjoy Tender is the Night.
The Surgeon is written byurgeon Bryson, would you like me to add it to your reading list?
Do you like the book because it was written by James Patterson or because it is a Romance?
Yes, she wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set.
Sure! I hope you enjoy the book!
Enjoy!
Unforgiven starred David Schwimmer from the Twilight series. Do you like movies with those actors?
Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War and Levity, which is a sci-fi movie.
Those are my favorite. I haven't seen them yet, have you?
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Kids Are All Right, and the entire Hunger Game series. Have you seen any of these movies?
Yes, He starred in The Hunger Games: Catching Fire and Mockingjay.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yeah, shes a great singer. Did you know that she starred in The Next Best Thing and Swept away?
I don't have that information right now. I do know she was married to Sean Connery, who was one of the writers for the film.
I don't see anything else about him. I do know he directed Snoop Dogg, and Swept Away. But that might be one of my favorites.
Not sure but I see a listing for an athlete in India for Cricket.
Yes he did. I'm not sure. I know he is from India.
You are welcome!
Amy Poehler wrote, Yes Please have you read this book?
The Muppets is a good one. what else can i do for you today?
Lorne Michaels starred in Mean Girls. what else can i do for you today?
Tina Fey has written a few movies like Mean Girls. what else can i do for you today?
Yes, Arsenal is a sports team in England. They play in the Premier League.
I am not, I know they are owned by Magic Johnson and Frank McCourt.
The Redskins is my favorite team!
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
Jane Adams also stars in X-Men Apocalypse which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
No, it was released in 2014.
No problem
He starred in Taken 2 and Taken 2. Have you seen those?
Colombiana also stars Taken 3 and Taken 3. It's a thriller Columbiana.
Correct. Taken 2 stars Olivier Megaton and Colm Feore
Enjoy!
Probably so, however their coach Mike McCarthy seems very effective. They're having a bad season.
I think it's overrated if it's another good one.
Thanks for the info.
Well, Iron Man was a great action movie by Jon Favreau. Similar movies like The Incredible Hulk or The Avengers by Stan Lee might be a good choice.
I do, he starred in the show O.C
If you liked that one, you should check out The Road to El Dorado as well. It is a Thriller.
George Clooney is probably the one who wrote The O.C. If you like his work, you should check it out.
You're welcome.
By Dean Koontz?
It was written by Jerry Bruckheimer. Do you know him?
The Lady in the Lake series is a good one.
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
You're welcome
I think she is a great singer and song writer. Do you like her music?
Do you like pop music?
Have you heard of David Guetta?
Of course! Something Borrowed has actually been made into a movie, The Last Summer (of You and Me)? It's a satire.
Yes it was. Another great book in the series was The Return of the Native.
I like thrillers also. You may like The Skeleton Key or The Tournament.
Can I help you with anything else?
Judd Apatow wrote the comedy film This is 40 as well as the romance movie Knocked Up
Groundhog Day was written by Wes Craven, Do you like Dramas? It was produced by Jodi Apatow.
He did and he was also in Groundhog Day. Have you seen that one?
He also directed and produced Knocked Up too.
Sure, it's a great horror film. It stars Steve Buscemi and Jena Malone.
I really don't know of any other films he wrote. Sorry
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Isn't he a composer and songwriter? The name is familiar but I can't place him specifically.
At the Disco is a Chicago girl actually, he is so cute
Yes, i like them too, i also like the song Tiny Dancer
That's a great song too, he is such a beautiful voice! Do you like any of his music?
I heard There's Something About Mary is a good book, but i never read it. It is written by Bobby Farrelly
I didn't know that. Do you like Ben Stiller? He also wrote Zoolander.
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
Both books are in the genre of historical fiction.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Great. Have a good day!
George Orwell wrote it, and released it in 1945. Do you like her work?
Then you might like to check out Nineteen Eighty-Four. It's a great one.
Yes, her book The Temple of My Familiar is one of my favorites.
I am not sure of the exact year
I would highly recommend it
Your welcome
I sure do! Oldboy is a Thriller. Other movies in the genre are; Unforgivable Blackness, Underworld, Spiderman, and The Incredibles.
Have you seen the Scream 4. It is a Korean movie written by Elizabeth George Speare?
It starred Kevin Corrigan and Ethan Hawke.
She's a great actress. She also starred in the X-Men series, which is also a thriller.
You're welcome!
Hello, I can tell you that he starred in Hollywood Chinese with Wayne Wang.
He starred in The Skulls.
Sure, he wrote The Sorcerer's Apprentice which is a Drama, also starring Tom Hanks.
What it is about Zsa Zsa Zsa Gabor? She also starred in The Jungle Book. You might like that one.
It is a Crime Fiction. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Jurassic Park was written by Peter Buchman. Its considered a science fiction thriller.
Jurassic Park is a thriller, do you like thrillers?
Yes, he did. Colin Terrow directed Jurassic World.
Rickie plays golf for the U.S. right?
He is a famous golfer. He won the 2007 PGA Championship.
Is it starring Adam Sandler and Ben Stiller?
Yes. I have a similar book called The Lord of the Rings.
I found The Golden Compass, The Looking Glass Wars, and The Golden Compass.
I don't have any similar books, but I look into The Silmarillion.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take which starring Jessica Hecht. Have you seen it?
I can recommend My Soul to Take, it is a horror starring Emily Meade and Frank Grillo.
Yes it does! I really like him. He was also in My Soul to Take.
The Lost World: Jurassic Park is a sci-fi movie, do you like sci-fi?
Then you might like Zombieland, X-Men or World War Z.
I think you will like it. Enjoy!
Sure! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Surviving Picasso is American. He is a Polish professional American actor who was born in Paris, France.
Joss Ackland also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and The Hunt for Red October which are both great films.
The Little Prince is a fantasy and Speculative Fiction genre.
Sure. You are most welcome. Have a great day!
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
I didn't know that. Is it a comedy?
That's too bad. He was in it as well. He was also in The Mask of Zorro
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
If you like Bruce Willis, you might also enjoy Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it yet?
Yes he did and he also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance too.
You will enjoy them too!
Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you seen it? It's a great movie.
Argo and Grabbers are both great sci-fi movies.
Bats was written by Michael Vargas. It's a part of a series of movies.
You're welcome!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
Have you seen Zombieland? It is a good sci-fi flick.
She did, and he also starred in I, Robot, which is a great sci-fi movie.
Will do! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! Alice Braga starred in The Rite and Repo Men
Sure. The writer is John Lennon. He is a very good actor.
He also wrote Ser Como a Rio que Flui.
Sure! Brett Helquist wrote The Vile Village, The Slippery Slope, and The Reptile Room. Have you read any of these?
It is a mystery and suspense novel with a mystery theme
Its a mystery/suspense book, do you like those types of books?
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
Yes, he has a son named Justin.
I have not seen it but I will look into it. It has a great cast.
I'll send you a link now.
Yes, he starred in Windtalkers, Tumbleweeds, and Tumbleweeds just to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
I'm going to suggest The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate. They are both dramas.
It's a drama with Winona Ryder and Willie Garson.
Glad I could help. Enjoy the movie!
He is the player in Barcelona?
Not really, I don't play much football, I prefer American football. Are you a fan?
Yes, I have been a fan since I was so into the sport. The only thing I really know about the football team is the Dallas Cowboys.
Harry Potter and the cursed child is written by J.K. Rowling. It was released in 1988
Jack Thorne wrote Harry Potter and the cursed Child, which was released in 2001
I don't know much about them. Who are their key players?
They're in the AFC West division. Is that who you mean?
They're also part of the AFC West.
Sure! Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which was a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes it was released in 2008, the same year The Lady Elizabeth was released.
I really liked her in A Star is Born.
Yes, I think he is one of the best songwriters. Did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
Are you a fan of the genres?
I think you might like Zoe's Tale, too.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he is an athlete and plays basketball as a point guard. He was born in Boston.
I would definitely recommend the Boston Celtics. Their team is coached by Doc Rivers, but there is a lot of competition for them.
Sharlto Copley was the final.
Yes, Christopher Nolan wrote The Dark Knight Rises, Memento, and Inception
He is a Russian author. His novel "Crime and Punishment" has been called the most famous novel in the world( as per IMDB)
Yes it is. Much like оскрестуление и накаание or диот?
Yes, you are correct. Much like рестуление и накаание or диот?
No problem. I am here for you.
It is part of the series The Oz Books, would you be interested in others in the series?
Of course! The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a fantasy book, as well as The Looking Glass Wars. It was written by Frank Beddor.
I would recommend The Golden Compass or The Shadow of the Torturer. Both are excellent reads.
You're very welcome. Enjoy the books!
Yes, he is a soccer player for Dortmund. He's a midfielder/forward.
He is a professional soccer player from Germany. He plays as a midfielder and forward position.
Yes, he is a famous athlete as well. He plays as a Forward position.
The movie starring Robert Duvall, yes it is a nice movie. Do you like his movies?
Sure! Do you like books written by Corn of Thorns and Roses because of the Fantasy genre?
Were you looking for something also written by Sarah J. Maas?
Have you read 'The Assassin's Blade'? It's a fantasy book.
You're welcome.
Are you looking for action or fantasy by James Cameron?
That's correct. It also stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet.
Titanic starred Leonardo DiCaprio in the award-winning Titanic
My pleasure.
Yes, it is a great book! It was written by Gustave Flaubert. It was released in 1856.
Then you might like Welcome to Temptation, Where Rainbows End or Wide Sargasso Sea.
Yes, it is. If you like romance novels, you'll like Welcome to Temptation
She wrote The Hunger Games and Mockingjay.
I am not a huge tennis fan but I do know Venus Williams is great as well. Do you like tennis?
I think Stefi Graff is alright, but he lost to Rafael Nadal. He was good in that movie.
Yes, I actually believe she is an actress too.
Yes. Michelle Wie is a female golf athlete from Honolulu.
That's awesome. Do you know if she's in a relationship with Steve Carell?
That's amazing! I hope it helps.
She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Day. Is there a genre you prefer?
Reflected in You is a Romance/Comedy. Do you like those genres?
Yes, she did write Reflected in You, which was released in 2016.
Sure. Margaret Atwood has written many different books. Her most recent work is MaddAddam but she's also written The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride. Have you read them?
The Handmaid Tale falls under a genre Speculative fiction. Is that a genre you enjoy?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Great! Anything else I can help you with today?
He's a good actor. He starred in No Strings Attached. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The move Carlos is starring Yaphet Kotto and Susan Sarandon.
It was released on October 13, 2010. Do you want me to add it to your list?
Of course! A few that come to mind are "Tempted" and "Redeemed." Both are by the same author. Would you like to know more?
Tahereh Mafi wrote The World According to Garp.
Yes it was the year that released You Are Not So Smart, written by David McRaney.
It was released in 2014 and is a romance novel. It was written by George R.R. Martin.
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy novel, you might like that.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
It was released in 2012. It is a romance novel.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure. He directed Finding Neverland. Do you like family movies?
They are both historical fiction.
Robert De Niro is the star of Neverland.
It was released in 2002 and is a drama.
Sure
You are welcome
Yes I do! He has written A separate Peace which is a good novel.
It is a novel, Young-adult fiction. Do you like this genre?
Yes, Un Lun Duns genre is Thriller, Science Fiction
Your welcome
The Waves is a book if you like the genre Reference. Have you read this?
Ok Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion. Have you heard of them?
Yes, Story of a Happy Marriage is a historical drama.
She also wrote Mansfield Park.
The Giver was first in a series of books wriiten by Lois Lowry, the next is Gathering Blue,
Ok, if you like that one you should check out Wicked Lovely or Wildwood Dancing.
I hope you enjoy it.
Did you enjoy Fight Club becuase it is a Thriller or the Drama Aspects?
I don't know that information, but he is a pretty good actor.
You're welcome.
Movies similar to Harry Potter include The Chronicles of Narnia and Beauty and the Beast
Have you seen Mary Shelley's Frankenstein? It is a fantasy movie.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Certainly! Mindy Kaling wrote No Country for Old Men, which was also a part of a series.
Sure, it is a crime fiction film starring Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling, and Mindy Kaling.
I believe it is a crime fiction.
Enjoy!
Aylmer wrote оскресение.
Anna Karenina wrote аренина. She also wrote она аренина.
Ok, I can do that for you.
Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Throne of Fire and The Last Templar. Have you read them?
The starring in Red Riding Hood are Amanda Seyfried, Gary Oldman, and Billy Burke.
Yes, she also directed Snow White and the Huntsman.
Yes he is a soccer player from the Manchester United F.C.
I know that he played on the England National Football team and was married to Coleen Rooney. He is a very talented man.
Yes he is a tiertier player.
No, I'm not a big fan of speculative fiction. I do like some of this genre.
Yes, he was. He is a great actor. Most of his movies are in the English language.
If you liked Juliette Birth, you should check out Minority Report. It was produced by John Lennon.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple.
Yes that's correct. Did you know Maria Semple starred in I Heart Huckabees with Tom Cruise?
Sure thing!
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those ?
Sure, Torment was released in 2010. It's a speculative fiction novel written in English.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Lewis Carroll is an author and he wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read that?
Are you referring to Johnny Depp who also starred in The Rum Diary.
Well, if you like children's movies, you might enjoy The Rum Diary. It's one of my favorites.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
You should check out The Rum Diary. I'm sure you will enjoy it.
Yes I think they are coached by David Platt and Mike Reid. Do you like them?
No, I don't have that information. Can you tell me who is his current player?
You are welcome, have a great day!
Sure! Lauren Oliver wrote To Rome with Love. To Rome with Love is another good one. Do you like Drama books?
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
I believe it's a teen drama.
You're welcome.
Sure. David Silverman directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it yet?
Ellen Burstyn wrote The Simpsons. Do you like her?
Yes, it is a television series written by same author as The Simpsons.
You too!
I am a fan, I know he is an athlete and plays cricket
I am not a fan of the sport. But I do catch a match from time to time.
He's a prolific writer. But I don't really follow cricket.
The Lord of the Rings is considered an excellent movie. Do you like it because it is a fantasy or a drama?
Sure, he starred in The Good Doctor and The Armenian Genocide.
Great, Another movie in that genre is The Return of the King starring Bernard Hill.
Yes I do. The Death Cure is one of a Sci-Fi Series.
It was written by Paulo Coelho
I will check it out. It is by James Dashner.
No problem! Nicola Kraus wrote the Nanny Diaries.
I would recommend Happy Gilmore. It was also made into a comedy.
It was written by J.K. Rowling, and is a Fantasy book. Do you like that genre?
I am not sure he starred in a TV show but I think he is a great actor.
I'm sorry, I don't have a TV episode.
Yes, he is an actor. He starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
Sure! Do you like Horror movies?
Sure, Grindhouse stars Kurt Russell and Josh Brolin. He also starred in Pulp Fiction and Grindhouse. Have you seen any of these?
It starred Kurt Russell and Josh Brolin
Great! It is a great movie.
I think she is a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in The Smurfs?
He directed Escape from New York and in the movie is starring John Carpenter. Do you like his work?
He also starred in Zombieland. It is a really good movie.
Emma Thompson starred in it. It's a mystery. Do you like her?
Yes, JK Tolken, Orlando Bloom and Chrisopher Lee star in the movie.
I like thrillers, too. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Yes, that's a great movie. It's a family movie. Do you like those types of movies?
I don't really follow tennis. I know that she is friends with Serena Williams and her sister Serena
Yes, Serena is really better than Venus and her sister Serena.
Yes, she is.
I don't know much about him other than he plays Midfielder. I do know that Falcoa is from Bogota.
I don't have that information. However, I do know that he is a forward and a midfielder.
I do like American football. My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you have a favorite team?
I would. It was written by John Hughes and is a Young-adult fiction. It is a great movie.
If you like comedy, you might like There's Something About Mary. It's more of a triller/drama.
I don't have that information, but it is a great movie
You are welcome
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
If you like his music, I think you should check out The Troos. It's hilarious.
Of course! I think Selena Gomez is friends with a lot of celebrities, but she lacks the talent.
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because of its Drama genre?
He also wrote the Mist and the Lawnmower Man. are you familiar with those?
You're welcome.
It was written by Lewis Carroll, who also wrote The Looking Glass Wars. Would you like to read more by this author?
I am not sure. However, Lewis Carroll also wrote Through the Looking Glass, which is similar.
Ursula K. Le Guin is a science fiction book.
I do! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Are you familiar with those?
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic is an Indian film director and producer. Would you like to watch it?
It's a thriller and science fiction film.
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
You might like Snatch, which is a thriller.
You're welcome
Yes, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is a great book written by Philip Kaufman.
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a good one.
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a good one.
Robit Sarma i an Athlete who play in Indians Team.
He plays cricket in the India national cricket team.
Yes, he does.
Yes. It seems like he is from India.
Sure, he wrote Island and Brave New World. Are you familiar with either of those?
The first one was published in 1891.
Yes, he did. It also came out in 1988.
That's a great book by Ian McEwan. It was released in 2001.
He also wrote The Count of Monte Cristo and The Phantom. Are you interested in either of those?
The Quiet American is a Mystery genre and is a suspense film.
Without Remorse is a thriller, suspense genre, and was released in 2010.
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and Harald Kloser and directed by Emmerich. Do you his movies or are you interested in something in the same genre?
It is a thriller
Sean Connery starred in it.
Of course! Do you prefer Fiction or Fantasy?
I can recommend another movie directed by Tate Taylor-I Spy
Yes, it is. I haven't seen it and I know it was written by Ben Stiller.
Yes. Ryan Reynolds was in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
She's a bit poppy for me. Wasn't she in The Muppets and the cartoon The Muppets?
That's right! I haven't seen it yet, but I know it's good to know. Is it any good?
Yes, I think it was John Grisham and the book The Client was written by HG Wells
It is a psychological thriller, do you like that genre?
John Grisham also wrote Playing For Pizza and Labyrinth.
Great, enjoy!
He is a football player, right? I'm not a big fan.
I don't have information on his skills
I enjoy watching college football and baseball
Who is your favorite team? I just watched a match
Yes the Packer is a great sport and also is a film.
I'm not a big soccer fan, I don't know much about the team other then David Platt coaches it. Do you like soccer?
Yeah, I heard that he is good. What sport do you follow?
I agree. They are my favorite team.
Are you a fan of the author or genre?
It is a mystery novel.
You're welcome.
You're welcome
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another one of her b
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen
That book was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote To The Lighthous.
Have you read Robinson Crusoe? It was actually written by Virginia Woolf.
It is fiction and adventure. Do you like that genre?
No problem. Enjoy.
She is a great singer. Did you know she also sang I Think I Love You?
No, I didn't, that's what she's doing.
Oh, yea she wasn't a big fan of pop music, but I believe she is one of the best.
Yes, he wrote Hotel du Lac and lex Angulo. Have you seen either of those?
The Others starred Nicole Kidman and Keith Allen.
No problem, enjoy!
Well, he wrote Madame Bovary which is a romance novel. Do you like those kinds of books?
Its a paranormal romance novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, another romance novel is The Return of the Native. Have you read that?
He also wrote The Return of the Native. Have you read that?
Sure, it was released in 1856. Also, it is a part of a series.
It's a romance novel. If you like romance novels, you'll like Welcome to Temptation.
If you like fiction, I would recommend The Return of the Native. It's a classic.
You're welcome!
I do too. He's starred in The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
Yes, he wrote Nostromo: a Tale of the Seaboard.
Yes it is. It's a great book!
It was released in 2008.
He wrote The Road and The Crossing.
I have The Road to Perdition and The Comte de Monte-Cristo.
Sean Connery is the author of Your Heart Belongs to Me.
It was released in 2004.
Of course, enjoy!
Jane Eyre is a fiction work written by Michael Mason
Sure. He also wrote Jane Eyre which is a romance novel.
No, I don't think it is accurate.
Enjoy!
It was written by Malala Yousafzai. Would you like books by other Nobel Prize winners?
He also wrote The Girl from Aleppo, Farewell Kabul and The Africa House.
Veronika Decide Morrer is listed as a Children's literature and speculative fiction.
He is also an author, she wrote The Supernaturalist and The Girl on the Dragon Tattoo.
I don't know too much about him. He is playing for Detroit Pistons. Did you know he is an athlete?
I prefer football. I like to watch Gymnastics. I like the Lakers. How about you?
Yes, I agree. The Lakers would be fun to watch. Who is the Lakers ?
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. In English, it's called The Alchemist. Have you read that?
Paulo Coelho also wrote The Alchemist which is in English. Have you read that one?
I will do that. Enjoy!
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya=Ya Sisterhood is written by Rebecca Wells, It's a novel genre.
She has written Ya-Yas in Bloom, she also wrote Little Altars Everywhere.
Enjoy!
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption which are Young-adult fiction novels. Have you read either of these yet?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You are very welcome. Have a good day.
She wrote Throne of Glass , and The Assassin's Blade.
She also wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin's Blade.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Wonderful. Enjoy!
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi Action movie. Do you like these genres?
Kodi also starred in Slow west with Ben Mendlesohn.
Dead Europe is a Thriller, Do you like Thrillers?
You are welcome.
Yes. The Hobbit is similar to A.I. Artificial Intelligence.
Emma Thompson starred in it. I think you will like it .
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day.
This is the End was written by Evan Goldberg. Are you interested in other Evan Goldberg movies?
It is a Psychological Thriller and a comedy, is that what you are looking for?
I'm not sure, but Evan Goldberg also directed The Guilt Trip and The Green Hornet.
Do you enjoy this book because it is a Fantasy?
He has also written Thirteen Moons and The Cold Mountain.
It was released in 2009 and is a romance novel. Do you enjoy romance novels?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
He was in the movie Jerry Jones plays for the Dallas Cowboys. Did you know he is also an actor?
Oh yeah. That's a reality show. Do you like reality?
It was written by Steve Oedekerk, who also directed Kung Pow: Enter the Fist
It also stars Steve Carell. He was in Olympus Has Fallen, Olympus Has Fallen, and many others.
It is in the United States of America, which is a political thriller.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. It is a Science Fiction film. Do you like Science Fiction?
Yes, it's a fantasy adventure movie. Do you like adventure movies?
She starred in The Kids Are All Right and The People Speak.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Reservoir Dogs.
You're welcome!
You are welcome.
She wrote Mean Girls and Bossypants.
Yes, he was in The Kite Runner. The Kite Runner is written by Khaled Hosseini
Sure. Tate worked on The Help, starring Bryce Dallas Howard and Ahna O'Relilly. Have you seen it?
Yes, Cicely Tyson is a great actor. If you liked her in The Help, You, Me, and Dupree and Dupree!
She is in The Women of Brewster Place and so is Inception.
No problem! I hope you enjoy!
Sure! Are you interested in the writer, Christopher Nolan, or the star, Christopher Nolan?
Christopher Nolan
Star Wars is a great movie! Are you interested in Sci-Fi or Adventure movies?
Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher starred in the film. It was also a very good movie.
Yes, it is also a Drama, if you ever seen the Star Wars movie.
Sure! Do you like Fiction? You may want to check out The First Man in Rome or Lost Souls.
She also wrote Circling the Sun that was released in 2011. Have you heard of that one?
I dont have that information but it's a romance film
I'm not sure but it was released in 2015.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Lea Thompson has starred in movies such as The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream.
She starred in Postcards from the Rock and Pieces of April. Have you seen either of those?
I really like Red Dawn. That is a great movie starring Katharine McPhee.
He also wrote A Christmas Carol, which is a very good movie.
OK. I will add those to your list.
Yes, it was a great movie. Do you like crime fiction?
Yes, Sofia Coppola starred in The Godfather Part II, Apocalypse Now.
Yes he did. That was directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
He wrote Utterly Cold Blooded. It is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
He also wrote The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Have you read that one?
It is! You should try it. It's a romance novel by Gustave Flaubert.
Of course! Is there anything else I can help you with?
He is an American professional footballer who plays as a forward for German club West Ham United and the German national team.
Sure. She also wrote Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue. Do you like Romace, Fantasy or Speculative fiction?
Yes. She also wrote Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue. Do you like Romace and Fantasy genres?
No I don't know. But I see it is a speculative fiction
A book written by William Nicholson is a great one.
The Giver was written by Lois Lowry
In my opinion, he's the best Quarterback in the league right now.
I do, the Dallas Cowboys are my favorite. Which team is yours?
It's been awhile ago. I've only been to a few games. My favorite is Cristiano Ronaldo. Who is your favorite quarterback?
I believe it was a crime story, with a little history in the making
I do! It was written by Rick Riordan. It is a Young-adult fiction book. Do you like this genre?
The Lost Hero is a fantasy book
Yes,The Titan's Curse is also young adult fiction
You are welcome
Monsters University Movie
Alexis Dziena and Dan Scanlon also starred in Monsters University. It was great!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Messenger and The Book Thief. Do you have a specific genre in mind?
The Prince is a Science Fiction.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a self-help book. Would you like to know more about these?
Yes, he's fantastic! He starred in Desperado! Have you seen it?
I am not a huge fan of the music but I have heard of Desperado, you should check them out.
I have never heard of him but I will have to check out some of his music out, thank you
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about this?
No problem, I'm glad to help!
Henrietta Lacks wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a book written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010
Sure, it's a great book about the life of Henrietta Lacks. It was written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
Sure, it was written by Richard LaGravenese and released in 1999.
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
I was not a big fan of Taylor Swift, one of my favorite singers. I like her friend Ariana Grande better.
I also like her song Almost Is Never Enough featuring Nathan Sykes.
Sure! Carolyn Goodall has starred in The Princess Diaries, The Devil Wears Prada, and The Princess Diaries.
White Squall is starring Tom Hanks, Jeff Bridges, and Jason Marsden. You should definitely check it out!
Are you looking for similar science fiction movies?
If you are looking for something similar to The Secret Life of Bees, you should check it out.
You too!
Of course. Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop, The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club, and Oliver Twist. Have you read any of these?
Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club was released in 2001 and is in the genre of Speculative Fiction.
I don't know, but I do know he is a prolific writer from England.
Enjoy!
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Did you know it was turned into a movie?
Sure, he also starred in Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World. Would you like to hear more about that movie?
Sure! Do you like Scream because it's a crime fiction?
Of course, I'm not sure about the horror, but I do know that Reese Witherspoon is also in that movie.
It is a comedy/drama that also stars Johnny Depp. Wes Craven also directed Scream 4.
Sure. Sylvester Stallone directed The Expendables starring Jet Li and Jason Statham.
Yes, he was. Randy Couture was in The Expendables. Do you like him as an actor?
Robert De Niro, David Schwimmer, and Desmond Llewelyn all starred in Redbelt.
Yes, it written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
The genre is Speculative Fiction and Fantasy. Do you like these genres?
It's part of a series and the next book is The Iron Trial. Have you read them?
Reservoir Dogs is similar to Pulp Fiction
It would be directed by Quentin Tarantino.
He, from China, is famous for his table tennis ability, which is awesome to watch.
That's interesting! That's where he's a table tennis player from.
I am not a big sports fan but if I had to choose, I would say gymnastics. I think gymnasts are extremely talented
I like them both!
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly. Would you like more information?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I don't know who else stars in it. Sorry.
Rob Cohen directed: The Skulls starring Paul Walker and Kate Winslet.
I am not sure, but I can tell you The Skulls is a drama produced by John Pogue.
No problem.
Not much, I know it is a German sports club based in Munich. They have a game this coming Saturday.
Its a soccer team
Yes he did
I believe he was a musician who also played cricket
I'm not sure. I don't really follow cricket much.
Certainly! Million Dollar Baby was directed by him. He also starred in it. Great movie!
Tommy Lee Jones is starring in that movie, and it is a History Film.
Enjoy!
The Lives of Others and The Tourist are two good ones.
The first one is considered a Drama/Fantasy. Florian also directed The Tourist which is a Tourist drama.
Florian also directed The Tourist starring Angelina Jolie and Johnny Depp.
It was released in 2003.
It was written by Malcom Lowry.
Glad I could help!
I think Coach Steve Kerr is doing an awesome job leading the team. Have you seen them play?
Did you know that he won the NBA All Rookie of the Year award?
Oh, I didn't know that! He was in the 2012 Olympics. Who was your favorite player?
Jane Eyre is a fiction work written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Actually Eyre is the only one that comes to mind, in the same series. Would you like to know more about those?
Certainly, another great Romance novel is Into the Wild by Neil Gaiman
He is a pretty good basketball player. Are you interested in him?
I enjoy watching college baseball. My favorite team is the Lakers. What about you?
Yes, I did know that
Sure, he wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
It's postmodern literature, fable and also children's lit.
You are welcome.
I know it was written by James Frey. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
It was released in 2014 and is a historical fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
Yes he did. He also directed The Amazing Spider Man, The Incredible Hulk, and No Country for Old Men.
Richard Andrews is the author of The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark. Does this choices sound like something you would read?
1600 was also the year that released The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark
I am not sure about that but I do know Shakespear wrote From Paris with Love.
Sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Toni Kroos plays for the Germany national football team the FC Bayern Munich II.
Yes he is, he is a Midfielder and won the Bravo Award. Do you like soccer?
Not really a fan, I don't even know about the sport. I like American Football.
Isn't he a tennis player?
Basel is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Is she the Call Me Maybe girl?
No, I didn't know that. What other music do you like?
Some say she is also a musician and a model. She has written a few songs like Call Me Maybe.
This movie stars Steven Spielberg, he also wrote the Goonies
Yes, he was also in the movie Jaws 2.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
It was written by Frances Hodgson. It is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
It's a romantic comedy. You should check it out
I can tell you that he directed the thriller The Pelican Brief. Have you seen it?
It's a Thriller.
It was released in 2012 and stars Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel Washington?
I also have to see that he starred in How to Train Your Dragon 2
Leslie Bibb has also starred in Wrath of the Titans, Wilde, and Shaun of the Dead.
You're welcome
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football Conference South division
I do. I'm a NY Giants fan. But I don't really like the San Diego Chargers. Do you like football?
I like football as well. I'm a fan of the San Francisco 49ers. Doesn't Lovie Smith coach Tampa Bay?
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
I'm also a huge fan of Belong, do you know any other bands in that genre?
Somewhere I Belong is also a hit but i didn't know some of the songs are popular
Yes, I enjoy watching football. The Eagles win the Superbowl for last season.
Yeah, they did! They're a good team. I'm a fan of Dallas Cowboys since they won that one. What do you think?
Tom Brady is the owner of the Patriots, but they haven't won a lot of Superbowls.
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote?
Sure, Water for Elephants or The Time Traveler's Wife are some other good ones.
Yes, it was based on a true story.
Sure, which genre do you prefer? Fantasy, Comedy or Adventure?
Yes, it also stars Sean Penn. Do you like him?
Garfield also stars in Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Another good fantasy movie you might like is Final Destination.
they are pretty good. They were runners up in the 2003 NBA Finals.
Not so much, but I do like to watch basketball movies like Space Jam, what about you?
Not really. But I do like the Dallas Cowboys and the Dallas Cowboys. Which team is your favorite?
I had no idea. She isn't a film producer but if I remember it, they were both pretty good.
She was an actress in The Book of Eli. She was also in the Olympics.
Ashton Kutcher starred in Ted with her. It also starred Mila Kunis.
Enjoy!
Sure. He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
Yes he was, along with Winona Ryder.
No, I don't remember when it was released.
I do, actually! I know that Orlando Bloom starred in Elizabethtown, who was a great actor.
He was. I'm not sure about that. Is that a thriller film?
I'd recommend The Good Doctor. It's a thriller.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is a thriller or because it is science fiction?
Sure, he starred in Wolverine, Van Helsing and The Proposal. Do any of those sound interesting?
Do you mean the movie, Waiting also stars Hugh Jackman?
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Sure, O Brother, Where Art Thou?, and No Country for Old Men are some good ones.
He was in The People Speak, Push, Nevada. Push, and Inside Job.
He was in The People Speak, and Push, Nevada.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, the director of Boyhood is Leo Tolstoy.
He also directed Pretty Little Liars, which is a drama movie. Have you seen it?
I am not sure but the movie Confused was released in 2013 and directed by Steven Soderbergh. Have you seen it?
Great! You may also like the movie Red Dragon, it is a Mystery movie. Have you seen that one yet?
In the movie The King Kong, Alfred Hitchcock makes a cameo appearance.
It is categorized as a drama, romance and drama.
Of course, you may like Zoe's Tale, X-Men 2 or World War Z.
I think it's pretty good, but it's classified as a Sci-Fi film and a comedy.
They are a professional team in the NFC south. Drew Brees is one of their best players.
They're pretty good. Who's your favorite team?
Are you a fan of the Steelers? I don't know much about them as well!
This is the End, The Interview
It starred Mindy Kaling, James Franco, and Channing Tatum.
Yes he did, Channing Tatum also starred in The Interview.
He also starred in Pineapple Express, which is a great movie!
The Vow also starred Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling, and Jed Brophy. It is a great movie!
You're welcome!
Sure! Red Dragon is also a Psychological thriller that is similar to The Silence of the Lambs.
He also starred in Red Dragon and wrath of the Titans.
No problem!
Yes, The Talented Mr. Ripley and Into the Wild are a couple other ones you may like.
The Lion King is one popular movie. Have you seen it?
If you like historical fiction, you'll like The Running Man and The Matrix Revolutions.
You're welcome.
Yes, The movie written by Vince Gilligan, starring Will Smith.
Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness, have you seen it?
Shia LaBeouf is a Thriller and Science Fiction. I am not showing other films in that genre.
Sure. I am happy to help.
Yes he plays soccer for Manchester United F.C.
I don't follow much for that team, only because Fabrio Capello is a midfielder.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you? What sport do you like?
It's a great heist film. He also starred in Tom Horn. Have you seen it?
I may have heard them perform somewhere before but I can't really place them. Do you know what kind of music they play?
I'll have to check them out sometimes. I know that they play a lot of instruments like the Saxophone, Piano and Harmonica as well.
I'm not sure, but I believe they also started in Seoul as well. I think I may have seen them play the piano and the guitar.
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, The Social Network, and several others. Do you have a certain genre in mind?
Sean Penn and Neil Mathers were both in it. It was great.
I hope you like it!
Your welcome.
I sure can! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
It has the genre autobiography as well as non-fiction.
Great! It is an autobiography released in 1958.
Hellboy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Hugh Jackman starred in this movie. It was released in 2016. Also, it is a Sci-Fi movie.
You're welcome. Can I help with anything else?
Yes I do he is a famous author who wrote both The Power of Habit and The Magician King.
From what I can tell, he is actually a physician who was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut. Would you like to see it?
I know that Ziggy Marley starred in it, but he also starred in Wrath of the Titans, and The Spirit.
John Travolta is also in that film, and he is also an actor.
Are you referring to S. Epatha Merkerson who starred in Terminator 2: Judgment Day?
It is a science fiction film, do you like that genre?
Yes, if you like dramas I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars and The Face on the Milk Carton. Both are great shows!
Yes. Steven D. Levitt wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling
Yes, he also wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance.
I have not, but I know he wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything is also written by Stephen D. Levitt.
Edgar Wright wrote The Stand, The War of the Worlds, and The Stand. Have you heard of any of them?
Yes it is. Zoe's Tale is another science fiction book by Edgar Wright.
Yes, you are correct! I liked him in Journey to the Center of the Earth if you like him.
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
It is a drama, starring Denis O'Hare
Yes I can. I like most of his music from the 80's
She wrote Dreams of Gods & Monsters vs. Aliens.
It's a mystery/suspense book released in 2014 in English.
It came out in 2014. I hope you enjoy it!
You're very welcome!
I haven't heard of him. Is he a point guard for the Oakland Raiders?
I didn't know that! That's where he's from.
I haven't if I've seen him playing, but I do know that he is the point guard for the Denver Broncos.
He starred in the thriller Grindhouse and in Grindhouse. They were both pretty good.
It was written by Rupi Kaur and also stars Bill Murray.
Sure. He also starred in Horton Hears a Who. It is a very good movie.
Sure, Big Fish was written by John August and he also wrote Titan A. E.
The Matrix is a new movie from Kenny and is an action film released in 2010. Would you like to know more?
Yes, starring Keanu Reeves and Nicolas Cage. Would you like to know more about them?
You are welcome.
Sure! Phil LaMarr has starred in Zambezia, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, and The Green Mile. Have you seen any of these?
Sure, Zambezia also starred Robert Downey Jr, and Rosario Dawson. Do you like Rosario Dawson?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, have a good day.
They are in the NBA and owned by The Washington Redskins. Do you like basketball?
Me too! Transformers is a great action movie. Do you like action movies?
He is a great actor. You might also like the Avengers: Age of Ultron and K-PAX.
It is a action movie that also stars Robert Duvall and Dennis Quaid. Do you like action movies?
Sure! Similar romance novels might be The Fiery Cross or This Lullaby. Romance novels always make me feel warm and fuzzy.
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel. Do you like Voyager because it is part of a series?
Yes, that is correct.
Glad to be of help
I don't know who she is. I know she was in the London Olympics. Are you a big fan of tennis?
Not really, I just know about Serena Williams and her sister Serena. I believe she is a tennis player too.
Yes, they are very successful in that movie!
Al Pacino starred in Looking for Richard.
These are both psychological thrillers.
He also starred in A Guy Thing. Have you seen it?
Sure. Sense and Sensibility was also written by Jane Austen.
Stepford Wives is written by Ira Levinson, would you like to read it?
She also wrote Mansfield Park. You might like that as well.
You're welcome.
Yes, she is a singer and songwriter.
She is a very talented pianist. Do you like her music?
It was released in 2010 and is a classic.
Enjoy.
He starred in a lot of movies. He was in the movies, Zero Dark Thirty, Wrath of the Titans and Vantage Point. Have you seen any of those?
I agree. Have you seen The Hurt Locker or The Hurt Locker? They are both crime fiction movies.
No. Mark Boal also starred in The Hurt Locker. I think you'll enjoy it.
Great! I'll add it to your queue.
He starred in The Lorax, The Hangover, The Other Guys and Unaccompanied Minors. Have you seen any of them?
Unaccompanied Minors starred Tyler James Williams, Teri Garr, and Jessica Walter. Do you like that kind of movie?
Sure. How about The Silence of the Lambs? Do either of those interest you?
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors starred Mindy Kaling which is also a comedy.
Enjoy.
He is the author, he wrote the Wilde and The Green Mile. Are you a fan of his?
Good choice! It's a romance starring Reese Witherspoon and Jim Norton.
Great! I think you'll enjoy it.
Yes, it was written by Leo Tolstoy and Richard Linklater stars in the movie.
Yes, Leo Tolstoy was co-written by Richard Condon.
I do. Leo Tolstoy was also involved with Huckleberry Finn and A Christmas Carol.
Anytime!
Yes, Twilight is written by Meg Cabot. Have you read that one?
Yes, she also wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner. She is a great writer.
Your welcome.
Sure. The Social Network stars Justin Timberlake and Rashida Jones. It is a biographical film and stars Justin Timberlake.
Tom Everett, Tim Blake Nelson, and Justin Timberlake all starred in The Social Network.
Rashida Jones also starred in The Good Dinosaur which is a Western genre
Enjoy!
Sure, he is an author who wrote the biography David Copperfield. Are you a fan?
Jeremy Tambling is in the Speculative Fiction genre. For sure you will like it!
Did you know that Zadie Smith wrote a book called The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson?
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York, which is an action film.
It is a mystery, produced by John Carpenter. The Fog was released in 1987.
Yes she is very talented, he also starred in The Rock and The Dark Knight Rises.
Escape from New York is a Sci-Fi/Action/Thriller.
Lord of the Rings is part of the series. The next book is The Fellowship of the Ring.
Women in Love was written by Candice Bergen.
He also wrote Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King and The Silver Chair
The Matrix was executive produced by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you might like?
The Matrix was produced and directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you might like?
inception starred Keanu Reeves, Michael Caine, Michael Gaston, Scott Bakula
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fantasy book written by Madeleine L'Engle. Do you like science fiction?
You might also enjoy the Dark Knight Returns or the Watchmen. Do you like young adult fiction movies?
Yes, it was written by Madeleine L'Engle.
The Handmaid's Tale is a good one, by the same author.
It was released in 2008.
You're welcome.
That actor was born in Mumbai and starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Are you interested in Indie films?
Slumdog Millionaire is an indie drama.
In 2011?
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
I know he wrote The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies.
Aidan Turner also starred in the Yearling also starring Peter Jackson.
The genre is fantasy
The Emperor's New Groove
Simon McBurney
Do you like the author Roald Dahl?
Yes, Zoe's Tale, I believe it was written by John Scalzi. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Yes, it is speculative fiction and very good. Would you like me to add it to your list?
I do a bit; I know that Donna Tartt wrote it and that it was released in 2013.
Yes, she won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. Would you like to read it?
Yes she did.
Dinna Tarrt was born in Los Angeles in the United States of America.
You're welcome.
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like the author Jojo Moyes?
It was released in 2007 I think you would like this one
Great! I think you will enjoy them.
Yes, it is a good book written by John Green
Yes he also wrote Paper Towns. Are you interested in either of those?
I'm not sure. Can I help you with anything else?
I can't find any information on that one, but if you like The Fault in Our Stars.
He wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby. Have you read either of those ?
I recommend The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy!
Yes I do. He wrote Deadpool and wrote Angelo Pizza. Do you like Deadpool?
Do you like The Goon because it is a fantasy movie?
Black Hat is another movie starring Tim Miller, he also starred in Have you seen this movie yet?
Sure no problem, have a great day!
Sure! Pan's Labyrinth is a 2006 American fantasy drama film written and directed by Guillermo del Toro.
Yes, it is in Spanish and has a English subtitle.
I'm not sure about the movie, but I can tell you that it is a Spanish language.
The Looking Glass Wars is a good fantasy movie. It's also written by Frank Beddor.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I've heard of him, but haven't read his work. He wrote "'The Water is Wide, "The Prince of Tides" and "The Lords of Discipline". The prince of tides was made into a film! Have you seen it?
They were both in Tides.
Yes you are correct. Michael York also wrote a couple of the books he wrote with John Cleese
Yes, I like him, he wrote  which was released in 750 A.D. very old writer. I like his writing .
I haven't actually seen it but I heard it's an interesting story.
I haven't seen it but I do know The Godfather Part II stars Robert Duvall.
Have you seen Apocalypto? It stars Robert Duvall.
Into the Wild is written by Sean Penn.
Yes, it made into a movie starring Sean Penn.
I recommend The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie starring Sean Penn.
Me too! I like him as well. Did you know he was in Men in Black 3?
Tom Hooper directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and Les Miserables
Sure, The Invisible Man, The Book of Mormon are some of his well known works
Glad to help.
He is one of my favorite artists of this age! I like his song Runaway baby. How about you?
I am not a big fan of her music. I do know she starred in Princess Protection Program
I'm also a huge fan of her music. I prefer rock, like Selena Gomez. How about you?
Yes, I sure do! Is there anything else I can help with?
The coach is Lousi van Gall but thats really all i know.
Marco Reus and Mesut Ozil are the coaches.
Yes, they won the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final.
I am not sure, but I know The Maze Runner is a young adult fiction book. So, I am not sure. Do you like that genre?
Mark Wahlberg wrote The Scorch Trials and The Maze Runner.
Cool, enjoy the book!
Yes, a great book I can recommend by Roy is The God of Small Things. Have you heard of it?
It's considered Non-fiction and was released in 1997
Yes it starred Vivica A. Fox
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
That was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the fiction genre. Are you interested in that genre?
Its a great book written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the genre of Speculative fiction
its a great question, I have no information about the movie
Sure, she wrote Dracula. Do you want to read any other books from her?
Sure, he also wrote The Invisible Man and The Caves of Stone. Do those sound interesting?
Well, there is a book called The Invisible Man.
You are welcome, are you interested in any other authors?
Yes, it's a fantasy movie. It's also a movie starring Orlando Bloom and Chrisopher Lee.
In that case, I recommend The Good Doctor. It was also turned into a movie.
Enjoy. Glad I could help.
I think they are a great time and they are coached by Gary Kubiak and owned by Bob McNair.
I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys, but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Do you?
Yeah, he owns the San Francisco 49ers. Do you like football? I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Yes. He starred in Vatel. Have you seen that?
William H. Macy, Emily Bronte and Frank McCourt also starred in it.
It came out in 2007 and is a drama/mystery.
It's about a mysterious assassin working for a group of rebels trying to overthrow the government. It's based on the true story of unrequited love
I sure do! I know she wrote The Good Earth which is also a historical period drama.
I don't have that information, but I do know it was influenced by Stephen King and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I also recommend it.
Enjoy!
Yeah, she is a very good tennis player. Do you like her and Tennis?
Yes, she won the 2008 PGA Championship and the 2012 Summer Olympics.
I agree, the NBA Most Valuable Player is a great sport and also is a comedy.
Did you know he also plays for the Pune Warriors in India?
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
In 1989 was also the year that released You Are Not So Smart by Danny: A Story of Triumph and Forgiveness.
You're very welcome. Anything else I can help with?
Enjoy your books!
Sure, do you like Fantasy or Action movies?
Yes and he also wrote X-Men 2
I dont have information about that
Absolutely, Enjoy
Sure. That starred Julianne Moore and she is also in Magnolia, which is a similar film.
Then you might enjoy The Other Guys. It's also a romance film.
You are welcome. I'm happy to help.
Sure. He is a sci-fi novelist who wrote Cycle of the Werewolf, Creepshow, and The Stand.
He is from the United States of America.
The Dead Zone is a fantasy. I think it is a great book
I'm sorry I do not have information on that
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was an awesome movie
Tom Hanks starred in The Post and The Circle.
Hmm, I'm not sure, but Larry Crowne is probably the best choice for that movie.
Enjoy!
Ok, anything else I can do for you?
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets : Part of series: Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets' series. The next in the series is Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, have you seen that?
It has a genre of Novel and Fiction.
It does star Pierre Perrier and it is a thriller and mystery.
Yes, I do. I like their coach Pete Carroll, but I'm not sure they've won a superbowl. I know they were runner up in Super Bowl XL though.
Have you heard of the Seahawks 2? It's a tough one.
Do you know anything about The Seahawks if they play in New York City?
Stargirl is written by Jerry Spinelli who also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee.
Sure! He also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee, to name a few.
Sure! Wicked Lovely is a young-adult fiction novel and was released in 1995.
I think he is a good tennis player, but he loses a lot . Do you like tennis?
That's amazing. I saw him lose to Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal in the 2008 Summer Olympics. Who was your favorite tennis player?
I agree. I like Federer as well. Do you know him?
Sure. Mary GrandPre was the author of The Assassin and the Desert. Do you like young adult fiction?
You are correct. J.K Rowlings wrote those books.
Sure What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in her work?
Yes she did. Big Little Lies was released in 2014. She also wrote Three Wishes and The Last Anniversary.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think they are a good team but I am not a huge fan of the Cowboys. They are owned by Bill Bidwill
My favorite team is the Broncos. Are you a fan of them?
They seem to be having a bad season. They are 4th in their division right now.
Hmm. I'm not a fan of the Cowboys.
X-Men 2. X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
X-Men 2 is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt, Ty Burrell and Tim Roth
Sure. She wrote God's Smuggler. That was a good one. I also like God's Smuggler.
It's a self help book. The Hiding Place is non-fiction/autobiography that was released in 1964.
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i do for you?
Yes, you might like The Legend of Drunken Master or The Matrix Revolutions.
Ok, let me know if you need anything else.
Have a good day!
I love Phil Lord. Phil Lord directed my favoriteThe Lego Movie
I'm not sure who starred in 22 Jump Street. Would you like to know more about any other movies he directed?
I don't think so, he was in White House Down too.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Sean Penn. It's a biography.
Yes, I would recommend it.
Yes, she is. No Strings Attached is also written by Sarah Dessen.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Well, James Frain who is in it is also in Transit (Crime Fiction Film).
Cool, you may like X-Men: The Last Stand or World War Z, they are both action movies.
War of the Worlds starred Mark Margolis and Emma Stone. Do you like any of them?
It was released in 2013
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
Another good read is No Country for Old Men. Have you read that one?
You're very welcome!
That's listed as Speculative fiction, fiction and Children's literature - which are you more interested in?
The King of Attolia is a young-adult fiction book by George R.R. Martin.
Sure, The Tale of Beedle the Bar is a great one.
The classic novel, The Old Man and the Sea, was written by Ernest Hemingway. You like Hemingway?
You might like Zoe's Tale, Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters
It is a romance and was released in 1929.
Six-String Samurai and Planet of The Apes may be similar since both of these are time travel movies like Groundhog Day.
Charlie Sheen is a big name in this movie.
Yes he was in Ghostbusters
you are welcome
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Sure The Green Lantern is starring Ryan Reynolds one of my favorite actors. It is a sci-fi, action, and adventure movie. Do you like those genres?
Another sci-fi movie that is similar is The Maze Runner.
Yes. It is very good but also is a sci-fi film. If you like those, you might also like The Hunger Games.
I'm not sure if she was in it, but she was in it too.
Sure, Jean-pierre Youngt directed The Sea of Monsters starring George Clooney.
Micmacs is a war movie. Do you like movies starring Yon Rifkin?
I do not think so. He's a great comedian.
Your welcome.
Might I suggest The Ocean at the End of the Lane because it is written by Neil Gaiman?
It was written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013.
OK, have a good day.
Joel Coen wrote No Country for Old Men, and he also wrote Inside Llewyn Davis.
Well, from what I can tell, he was in the Wyrd Sisters, another great western movie.
Natural Born Killers was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Do you like the movie because it is a science fiction movie?
It is an animated film about a man who moves to a small town and falls in love with his brother, a woman.
It is. He has mainly Thriller type movies.
You are welcome
It was written by Jojo Moyes.
Sure. She also wrote The Ship of Brides and The One Plus One.
No problem, enjoy!
Excellent choice! He's known for Robin Hood, The Three Musketeers and The Comte de Monte-Cristo.
No, Robert Dumas was the author of Three Musketeers, did you know that?
He also wrote The Comte de Monte Cristo and Therese Raquin. These are more of a Historical fiction genre. Do you enjoy that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! He wrote the books, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, The Red House and a A Spot of Bother. The first book has a genre Mystery.
Yes! It is an action movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about it?
I have. Do you like Peter Capaldi because he is in it or because he is a good actor?
Enjoy
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
No, there is a sequel for the Great Gilly Hopkins and the Great Gilly Hopkins.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
If you like Hunger Games, you might like Catching Fire. It was the next in the Hunger Games series.
Shark Night is a thriller that stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joshua Leonard.
I know he wrote Walking Disaster, have you read it?
It is about a paranormal romance. Does that sound interesting to you?
Yes, I highly recommend Seven Pounds.
You are welcome.
Sure, are you into sci-fi or action films?
He's great! The Matrix Reloaded was released in 2008 and The Matrix Reloaded is also in the Sci-Fi genre.
John Wick also stars Michael Cristofer and Jada Pinkett Smith.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Not really, I like her song Chandelier and Titanium. Are you a fan of her?
Indeed she did, she also won the MTV Music Award for Best Choreography.
Yeah, she is on the bucket list as well. She is a very talented man.
Lana Wachowski starred in The Matrix Revisited and directed The Matrix Revolutions.
Have you seen X-Men 2 or World Without End? They are Family and Comedy.
I'm not sure, but it starred Keanu Reeves. Then you might like it.
Ooooh that sounds like a good read. I have four genres: young adult fiction, urban fantasy (which is fascinating), romance novel and paranormal romance. Which of those interest you?
You may enjoy the Vampire Academy series - The Graphic Novel.
It was also written by Richelle Mead and has a genre of Young-adult fiction. You might enjoy the book The Glittering Court.
Yes, Leigh Dragoon did write it, have you read it?
Would you like more from the Mission Impossible Series, or other action movies?
The Lego Movie starred Will Ferrell and Morgan Freeman. Two really good movies if you like it.
Perhaps you would like The Lego Movies, it is a Sci-Fi/Action/Fantasy genre. It was also released in 2014. There are some similar movies that are similar are The Lego Movie and The Dark Knight.
I'm not sure about that one, but Will Ferrell was in Ocean's 8. It is directed by Daniel Radcliffe.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He stars in Ted, I know that.
Ted is a Comedy-drama.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You might enjoy The Lorax or The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Do you like any of these?
Yes, he also wrote The Last Man and The Invisible Man. Have you read them?
Yes, they are all written in English.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Are you interested in this genre?
It was released in 1856, and is considered a Romance novel.
Yes, she did. It is a fantasy novel. Do you like this genre?
I know they are part of the NFC South in the NFL. Their coach is John Fox right?
I liked them better when Tony Romo was QB in the Cowboys. Are you a Cowboys fan?
Do you know anything about the sport? I can't get into sports though.
Yes, there is a  sequel to Toy Story , which is also a Thriller.
Yes, many of the actors are in Toy Story 3 and Tim Allen starred in the Toy Story 3.
It's very good! It's a young-adult fiction movie!
Sure! Sending it now.
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Are you a fan?
I can't explain it, I don't like basketball either. I guess he is from the United States of America.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Sure, it was released in 2010 and stars Stephen Dillane, Anne Hathaway and Drew Barrymore.
William Sanderson also starred in The Shadowhunter's Code and Infinite Jest. Have you seen those?
I agree, it is very entertaining! It also has a bit of humor.
Bood Diamond starred Robert Downey Jr., and Kate Winslet.
He was excellent in What's Eating Gilbert Grape, The Wolf of Wall Street, and the infamous Titanic. Have you seen any of those, or would you like more suggestions?
Oh yes, I recommend The Wolf of Wall Street. It is written by John K. Dick.
He has starred in Match Point, The Missing, and Welcome to Sarajevo.
It's a romance film.
The Way is a thriller.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
Law Abiding Citizen is starring F. Gary Gary who directed The Italian Job which you might like.
Law Abiding Citizen starring Roger Bart also starred in Time Bandits which is an action/adventure film.
Roger Bart also wrote The Mists of Avalon which is a psychological thriller and crime fiction. Have you seen that?
The fifth element is written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Pallbearer.
The Farthest Shore is a similar movie
You're welcome
Yes, She's an amazing artist. I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
I think I've heard some of her pop hits on the radio. What's your favorite Pink song?
I like her too. Did you know she is friends with Lady Gaga?
Sure. He wrote The Three Musketeers and The Last Man.
It was released in 2005.
Yes, it was released in 2005. You may want to check it out.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
It is Young-adult fiction
She also wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown
No problem
Sure! Are you into Crime Fiction?
It is a mystery/crime movie, do you like this type of movie?
If you like the movie, The Godfather II is a good one.
It is starring Kevin Spacey and Marlon Brando
You are welcome
So-so. Do you mean the Science-Fiction written by Preston and directed by Roland Emmerich
It is a Sci-Fi genre. Do you like those kind of movies?
Yes, The Shaggy Dog is a good one have you seen it?
Do you want to know more about The starring actors?
Sure, Welcome
Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption are by this Author.
It's a Fiction/ Romance set in the 1930's.
Well, it's classified as Young Adult Fiction as well as Fantasy, but I don't believe it's. I think it's similar to Twilight.
Glad to be of help!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a Fantasy/Comedy/Fantasy movie. Do you like Fantasy movies?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy movie you might like.
Daniel Radcliffe starred in Dungeons & Dragons.
Enjoy!
The wedding girl, Mirandas big mistake are some of them
She wrote Wedding Night, Twenties Girl and The Undomestic Goddess.
Wedding Night is a romantic comedy. It is a romance.
Don't mention it.
Sure. She wrote many good books; Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue. Do you like Romace, Fantasy or Speculative fiction?
Yes, it is a Romance novel
Voyager is written by Mark Helprin
No problem
I actually haven't, but I know she wrote A Tree Grows In Brooklyn.
The book was released in 1943
Yes it was,It is written in English
I am a huge fan of the Belgium national football team but I don't really follow football. Are you a football fan?
Thanks for the info. What team does he play for?
My favorite baseball team is the Dallas Cowboys. Which team do you like?
My favorite team is the Red Sox. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, he's an actor. He starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Gone with the Wind.
Yes, I have seen it, it was a great movie. Do you like any other actors?
Yes, he directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Gone, Baby, Gone.
Yes i do one of them is Shackleton which is an action movie.
Matthew McConaughey is in Shackleton. Are you familiar with his work?
It came out in 2002.
William Goldman starred in The Princess Bride
He wrote a series of books in the genres of sci-fi and fantasy.
Yes, if you are looking for recommendations by William Goldman, he also wrote a book called Shark Night
No problem. Anything else I can help with?
Sure, she wrote Throne of Glass and the entire Assassin series, to name a few. Have you read them?
I would recommend Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel and The Lathe of Heaven. They are both great books.
No problem, I am happy to help. Enjoy!
Amazing Spider-Man 2 stars Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield.
Yes he is. Emma Stone also starred in No Strings Attached. It's a romantic comedy.
Yes he did, Rashida Jones also starred in The Social Network.
You're welcome!
Yes, Chinua Achebe is the writer that wrote Things Fall Apart.
Yes, it was written by Chinua Achebe, which is a fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a great movie. starring Vin Diesel, who also starred in The Mask.
You are welcome. Have a great day.
Reservoir Dogs is similar to Pulp Fiction
Yes. Jamie Foxx starred in it, along with Rob Zombie.
Your welcome
Sure, Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie. Have you read this one yet?
It is a Non-fiction Genre
Have you read The Memory of Earth? It is one of my favorites.
The Matrix is written by Lana Wachowski. She also directed Jupiter Ascending, Bound, and wrote V for Vendetta.
Yes, Ninja Assassin stars Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Jared Leto.
I'm not a huge fan but I do enjoy romance movies. Are you a fan of The Weekend?
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It looks like they were influenced by the song The Morning. Would you like me to look it up?
Are you referring to A Time to Kill written by John Grisham?
Most definitely. One of his most popular thrillers is Gone Girl, another really good thriller is The Pelican Brief. Have you read it?
The Cold Moon was released in 1988 and is a drama/fantasy book that was turned into a film.
I'm not sure what genre it is, but the genre is fiction and drama.
I'm not sure of the copy in English, but it was written in English.
You're welcome.
Green Eggs and Ham? As in the book written by Dr. Seuss?
The Cat in the Hat, Hop on Pop and There's a Wocket in My Pocket are all great books by him.
I do. There's a Wocket in My Pocket that was released in 1960. How about you?
You're welcome.
I love him! I especially enjoy his earlier music with Maroon 5
I do like his music. Do you know Maroon 5 is with him?
I'm not a huge fan of X Factor. I do like the song Horton Hears a Who!
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
Yes it is, it is a sci-fi. Do you like that genre?
Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, it is written by Shakespeare. Do you like Shakespeare?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, and Twelfth Night. Have you read any of these?
You might like Gnomeo & Juliet, or A Midsummer Night's Dream.
No problem.
Anthony Hopkins starred in Bobby, The Edge, and The Tree of Life. Have you seen any of these?
Yes he starred in Bobbye
I do not have that information
Anthony Hopkins starred in Tropic Thunder as well as The Secret Life of Bees.
You are welcome
I would recommend Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights. My favorite is The Graveyard Book.
Yes, that's right. It's a fantasy film. Do you like fantasy?
He is influenced by Chris Rock, Tom Holland, Jane Austen and Stephen King.
Yes, it's considered children's literature, and mystery.
You're welcome!
It is a romance and stars Scarlett Johansson. Do you like romance films?
Scarlett Johansson stars in the genre of Thriller and was released in 2015.
Ok, i'll add them to your watch list.
Alright, I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
It's a great movie! It was released in 1999.
You're welcome!
Yes! It stars Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine and is an Action Film. You like Action movies?
Vivica A. Fox also starred in Why Do Fools Fall in Love and Two Can Play That Game. Have you seen either?
Yes, he is. He was also in Pulp Fiction and Grindhouse. Have you seen either of those?
I think the Tennessee Titans is a good team.
I don't know much about him, do you follow any other sports?
I don't really know, but I do know that he went to University of Oklahoma.
Sure! He starred in The Apostle. It's a romance/drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he also wrote the Apostle. This was a great movie!
Of course, some more Indie films you might like are Zodiac, The Last Stand, and The House of Mirth.
Yes, she is a lovely singer and song writer. She sings a Thousands years, very popular song.
I didn't know that! i have never heard of her. do you?
Wayman : Team Owned by Susan Sarandon? It's a good one.
the basketball player was very talented. do you like any other sports?
I think he is a really good artist. I really like him in movies too!
,but I also know he had a relationship with Cameron Diaz
I definitely agree. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring is based on the book.
I am not sure about that. However, Sean Bean starred in The Good Doctor.
Sure, Christopher Lee was in The Two Towers and The Return of the King.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan, the next book in the series is The Titan's Curse.
I believe it is. The Titan's Curse is a young adult fiction novel. Other books in this series are The Son of Sobek and The Son of Neptune.
Well, The Son of Sobek is a great book. It is about Greek Mythology.
You're welcome!
He directed The Simpson's movie that starred Tom Hanks
He also directed The Simpsons Movie. He also directed The Longest Ride and The Road to El Dorado.
Ok, then you might like The Chipmunk Adventures. It's also an animation movie from Lambeau Field.
Enjoy it!
She wrote Shadow and Wicked. Are you a fan of musical theater?
Yes, it was also a play.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote A Time to Love and Other Stories.
James Brolin, Michael Byrne and Kathryn Sutherland also starred in Braveheart
It was released in 2008
You're welcome.
I'm familiar with the film called Cloud Atlas, where he wrote it. Do you like his work?
It is also written in English. Did you know that Stephen King starred in it?
It is a fantasy novel written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
No problem!
Sure. He directed Super, which stars Rob Zombie and Zach Gilford.
Jason Statham and Brad Pitt are in Slither.
He also starred in Green Zone which is a comedy drama.
I hope you enjoy them
Sure, He wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much a do About Nothing. I can tell you a lot about Paul Werstine if you would like?
Yes, it was released in 1606.
Yes. It's written by Terry Pratchett. Would you like to read it?
Elysium is a action thriller staring Matt Damon and was released in 2013.
I can't wait to see this movie, but it does star Chris Hemsworth, who is also in it.
He's been in a lot of movies, though. He was in The Green Mile, which is a thriller movie.
If you like Gravity, you might also like Gravity! Have you seen Gravity?
ok
It came out in 2013. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, I am a fan of Selena Gomez. It was on the radio for a while.
I'm not a fan of him, but I do know that he composed the music for The Assassination of Jesse James by the way.
Not really a fan of the band. My favorite band is Dallas Cowboys though.
Are you in to Chinese? Since most of his books are written in English
It was released in 1866
Its a fiction book
He is a Mixed Martial Artist with a specialty in Brazilian Ju Jitsu and played in the UFC 94. You watch Ultimate Fighting Champions?
He also played in the UFC 94 and was born in Sao Paulo.
I'm not sure about that. What do you think?
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Sure thing. Stephen Hawking wrote The Universe in a Nutshell, The Grand Design, and A Brief History of Time.
It has a great cast including David Schwimmer, Chris Rock, and Ben Stiller.
Enjoy!
I like his song New Perspective! What's your favorite song of his?
Is this the book that was written by Frances Mayes?
Under Magnolia was released in 2004.
Under Magnolia was released in 2004.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
The Pacifier is a Thriller, do you like Thrillers?
Underdog is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, do you enjoy crime or dramas?
The Escapist is a drama starring Matt Damon and was released in 2006.
I'm not sure. I know he was in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou.
He wrote Thirteen Reasons Why and The Future of Us. Do either of those interest you?
Certainly. Do you like Young Adults literature because of the genre of suspense?
Of course. Some other young adult fiction books include Xenocide and Wyrd Sisters.
It was released in 1981.
Great! I hope you enjoy!
City of Lost souls has a genre Fantasy and Adventure do you like these genres?
Yes, The Mortal Instruments was released in 2001.
The Bane Chronicles and The Shadowhunter's Codex. Have you heard of them?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
The Historian has the genre suspense which includes The Last Templar and The Collector. Would either one of these interest you?
I am sorry but I do not have any other info on the Historian.
I can definitely recommend Without Fail by Sean Penn. It is an action/adventure film.
You're very welcome.
The Messenger is a great one or The Mark of Athena.
Did you enjoy it because it was written by Tate Taylor or because it was a Romance?
Yes! He was also in The Watchmen. Have you seen it?
It's a drama/mystery movie and is also in the Thriller genre.
You're welcome!
Certainly. Didn't that movie star Robert Downey Jr.? If you like his movies, you might try The Avengers or One Night Stand.
The genre is Thriller and Drama. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Val Kilmer is in it as well.
You are welcome.
Sure, Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman.
Yes she did, she was also in it as well.
John Lee Hancock wrote Snow White and the Huntsman.
You are welcome!
Yes, The Son of Neptune is written by Rick Riordan
Yes, The Titan's Curse was a great one! Would you like me to send it to you?
Any time! Enjoy!
I don't really know anything about The Weeknd, is he a friend with Selena Gomez?
The Muppets was a great movie. It also starred Demi Lovato, She was also in Spring Breakers.
Me too! That was a great movie. It also starred Roger Rees, who is awesome in it.
Not really, I think she is kind of weird. I saw A Very Gaga Thanksgiving and didn't like it at all.
It's a good one! Will Smith's been in it, too. I loved him in Hancock when he appeared with Jason Bateman.
Yes, he was. He was also in The Bluest Eye. Have you seen that one?
Certainly! He wrote Terms of Endearment, a Drama starring Debra Winger.
You might like What Happens in Vegas or You've Got Mail.
I'd recommend Moneyball or Your Highness to name a few.
Yes! Evan Goldberg directed The Interview. Its a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Great! You might also like her in A Good Day to Die Hard. Have a great day!
Yes, This is the End is a fantasy and a comedy, I think you might like it.
You are welcome enjoy
Yes, John G. Avilden is an American film director and producer. He directed the Karate Kid. Have you seen that?
Yes, Sylvester Stallone also wrote The Shinning. Would you like to hear about the movie or the genre?
That one is starring Tom Hanks, Bruce Willis, and Kenneth Branagh. It is a great movie.
Yes, she is. She starred in The Cosby Show.
Enjoy!
Movies similar to Harry Potter include The Chronicles of Narnia and Beauty and the Beast
They are Young-adult fiction
I am not sure of any similar movie but there is one Fantastic Beast and Where to Find Them you might like
There are 4 parts, but i am not sure.
Yes, the director of this movie is JK Rowling.
You are welcome
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Have you read The Valley of Horses? It was written by Jean M Auel
The Shelters of Stone is a Fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett, published in 1993.
That's a great book. It was written by John Scalzi and is also considered Speculative fiction.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Derek Jacobi starred in a lots of movies. I like his acting in Unforgivable Blackness and Underworld:Evolution. Are those appealing to you?
Unforgivable Blackness also starred Jack Nicholson and Jennifer Lawrence
He sure did! He also starred in The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1, and Part 2.
That is correct. Keith Morton also starred in the movie Lord of War.
I know he is an athlete and plays cricket
I am more of a football fan. I like Serena Williams. How about you?
I do. I like tennis better than golf. Do you?
Yes, he is also an athlete.
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
That's a good one. I liked Space Jam. Such a fun musical movie by Warner Bros. Do you like him?
I think Ivan Reitman was in Zombieland too.
Probably so, however their coach John Fox seems very effective.
Yes, the same author wrote The Sea of Monsters, do you like young-adult fiction?
It is considered a Fantasy and Speculative Fiction.
You might enjoy The Lightning Thief or The Sea of Monsters
Have you read The Great Gatsby or The Beautiful and Damned? They are both great books.
It was originally published in 1990. Have you read it?
He has written The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The Great Gatsby, and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Have you read any of those yet?
You are very welcome! Enjoy!
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director as well. He wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
I'm not sure. However, Michael Crichton is not only an author but he did write Snotopia which is a drama.
Its a drama/fantasy book.
You're welcome. Let me know if I can help you more
Well, Ratatouille was great! If you like films directed by Chris Rock, you might also like The Incredibles.
Yes he is! Jason Lee also starred in The Incredibles.
You are so welcome!
Great Expectations: Pip's Name and Going Astray: Dickens and London.
I'm not sure about that, but it does a book of post apocalyptic fiction
The Mammoth Hunters is another good one
Sure, he starred in You Need Me, I Don't Need You, Do you know it?
Yes, it is a very different song from him.
Yes, he sings Stay with me and Not the only one.
I can tell you it is speculative fiction. It that a genre that interests you?
Siddhartha was written by Hermann Hesse. Would you like books by Hesse?
It was written by Robert Jordan. Would you like to know more about it?
He's also written Night in the Garden and The Thief of All the Light We Cannot see. Have you heard of any of those?
You're welcome!
Yes, I like it! It's a great adventure/action movie. It was written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Then you might also like The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
Yes, I agree, they are very good friends.
Robert Louis Stevenson wrote The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. Do you like this genre?
Great! I have a few of Arthur Conan Doyle's works. Is there a specific genre you are looking for?
The genre is mystery. Do you like mystery books?
Yes it is.
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins. Are you familiar with her?
The Perfect Game was written by Suzanne Collins.
Yes. The Girl on the Train was directed by Paula Hawkins.
Yes, Sam Smith is a great Singer. I love his music! Do you like his music?
I loved her in the movie The Fate of the Furious
Yes, she's a great artist. I liked her in Elf!! Does she have solo music out?
Yes! He starred in Two Girls and a Guy. Have you seen that one?
No, Nora Dunn starred in it as well. Do you like dramas?
Do you like movies by Russell?
Great, hope you enjoy!
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995.
Yes, it was also written by Christopher Bigsby
Yes, it is a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes. I recommend The Gods Themselves, it is a drama.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
He starred in The Wrestler, The Thomas Crown Affair, The Fountain, and Scarface to name a few.
Yes, she starred in it as well.
She's been in a number of movies including The Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray.
No, I don't have any information on the Wrestler. Can I help you with anything else?
You are most welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you like dramas?
He also directed Fantastic Beast and Where to Find Them, which is a very popular film. Have you seen that one?
You're very welcome! Anything else I can help with?
Sure, Joseph Heller wrote The Next Three Days and The Shaggy Dog. Have you read any of these?
World Without End is similar. Have you read this?
You're welcome!
Yes he was in Deadpool. Are you interested in movies like Deadpool or just movies with Stefan Kapicic?
Well, if you like action movies, you should check out Top Gun as well. It is a very good one.
It would be a good choice. It is a good lead role.
Yes. That's a film based on J.K. Rowling's work. Do you enjoy the Harry Potter series?
The Hobbit series is similar to Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
Yes, she wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and the Boyfriend List. Have you read any of those ?
It's in the English language. Did you know that it was made into a movie?
you're welcome. Enjoy.
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey, Mackenzie Foy and Anne Hathaway. It is a Sci-Fi/Action/Thriller, do you like those genres?
X-Men:Days of Future Past is a good one, as is Interstellar.
Another good Sci-Fi movie you might like is X-Men: The Last Stand.
Sean Connery and Emmanuelle Seigner are the main actors.
Cool! Then you might like Zombieland, X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes! His song We Rode in Trucks is unbelievable!
It's a pop rock and soul. Do you like country?
It's a pop music. Do you like country?
He directed Equilibrium a drama and Ultraviolet
You might like that movie, it's in the drama genre. It's similar to The Prestige.
It's a great film. You should check out Terminator Salvation if you haven't seen it already
Enjoy!
He is a scientist and he wrote The Verdict
I don't know any other books written by him. But he is a scientist and poet.
Crime is in Crime genre
The Selection is Young-Adult Fiction and is written by Kiera Cass. Do you like Kiera Cass' writting?
Other books written by Kiera Cass include The Siren, The Prince, and The Prince.
Great! Hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome
He wrote Waking Life, which stars Ethan Hawke.
Yes, Nicky Katt starred in Waking Life. He also starred in Waking Life.
Sure, Enjoy!
He directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
John Green wrote it. Are you interested in other books by him?
Yes, John Green wrote Paper Towns.
If you are looking for other books by John Green, you may like Paper Towns.
Any other suggestions you would like by John Green?
Yes, Good Will Hunting was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
He actually did. He also directed Pretty Little Liars. Have you seen that one?
Yep, that's correct. It also starred Liam Neeson. He's a great actor.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Naked. Have you read either of those?
He's written a lot of short stories, including When You Are Engulfed in Flames and SantaLand Diaries. Are you a fan of either?
apologize, I don't have any information on that. He was also in Dressed and Dressed to Kill.
It was written by E. Lockhart in 2014.
Sure, E. Lockhart also wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, which was released in 2014.
It's about a father and son who met each other later in life.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Charles Frazier is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, and columnist. He writes in several genres but is known best for science fiction
Thirteen Moons is a Psychological Thriller. Do you enjoy these genres?
Thirteen Moons was written by Charles Frazier. He also wrote another book called Cold Mountain.
You're welcome.
I have never heard of them, are they a pop music band?
I also like their music - I think I might check it out. They're very popular if I'm also a fan.
Yes he's a great actor. He starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins which won a Newbery Medal.
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960.
Yes he did. Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt is a writer and a poet.
He, from China, is famous for his table tennis ability, which is awesome to watch.
I'm not sure, but he did participate in the 2012 Olympics.
You are welcome. I don't do any other questions about Ma Long.
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 194 was written by Mooyaart-Doubleday. Have you read it?
Yes, it is in English.
Yes, Eleanor Roosevelt wrote Dagboekbrieven
You are welcome.
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Martin Scorsese. It stars Vincent Pastore, Vincent Gallo, Samuel L. Jackson and Robert De Niro to name a few. Do you like movies with those actors?
Goodfellas is a war film. Do you like movies starring Robert De Niro?
Have you seen The Lost City of Faar? It is a great one.
Bernard Hill starred in What Just Happened.
Yes, it is. Art Linson also wrote Inside Job.
You are welcome!
Do you like this because it is a crime movie?
Richard Roxburgh is starring in What Lies Beneath
The movie was released in 2005
You're welcome.
I know a little bit about them. The Boston Celtics is a NBA which is in the Eastern conference. This team is coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens.
I do. I like to watch football. What is your favorite team?
I do, the Lakers are my favorite team. Who is yours?
I'll have to check out one of his games!
Sure, he starred in the Pianist.
Yes that is true he is in The Pianist, do you like him?
Sure. Simon West also directed The Young Sherlock Holmes. Have you seen that one?
She wrote Tuck Everlasting, which is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is considered a children's literature and I would say it is a romance.
Yes, it is considered a romance and is similar to Captain Corelli's Mandolin.
Enjoy!
Stephen Chbosky wrote the movie, did you like the movie?
You might enjoy The Perks of Being a Wallflower, or The Day After Tomorrow.
Yes, it is a comedy-drama starring Tom McCarthy.
You are welcome!
Sure! Basher Savage was in Gravity, which is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Gravity was released in 1994. It is a drama/fantasy directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like that genre?
Gravity was released in 2013. It is a drama/fantasy genre. Would you like to see it?
Sure. Zombieland and X-Men: First Class are also great Sci-Fi films.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about the Oakland Raiders. Are they a professional American football franchise based in Las Vegas?
I didn't realize it was a place to visit. Have you been there?
Yes, they both starred in it. Do you enjoy watching football?
It is written by Christopher Nolan, starring Michael Caine and Scarlett Johansson.
It starred Roger Rees, Hugh Jackman, and Hugh Jackman.
Rebecca Hall starred in WALL-E which is a science fiction film
No problem, may I help you ?
Catch 22 is in the War and Satire genre. Is this the genre you want to read?
It is a war novel. Do you like war novels?
S.E. Hinton is a similar book written by Joseph Heller.
Enjoy!
P.C. Cast wrote Tempted, Marked and Redeemed among many others. Anything picks your interest?
It was released in 2007 and is part of a series.
You are very welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Yes. I like A Tale of Two Cities. It was written by Richard Maxwell.It is a historical novel but I haven't read it.
It is. It is also a mystery, similar to White Teeth.
I will have to check that out.
Your welcome.
John Lasseter directed The Terminator and The Order. Have you seen either of these?
It was released in 2004. That's a great movie!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information either.
Sure, no problem.
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
She's married to Hayden Panettiere who starred in Scream 4 and A Bug's Life.
Yes, I agree. He is talented too. He also produced an animated version of the Titans.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
Yes I do like the Redskins but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you have a favorite team?
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that Alex Smith is a part of the LA Chargers
Was this the book written by Terry Pratchett? Or Neil Gaiman?
Yes that is correct. Terry Pratchett also wrote Wyrd Sisters
Some good Speculative Fiction books are Zoe's Tale, Wyrd Sisters
He is on the Golden State Warriors. Do you like basketball?
I think he is 41 years old
No, he is on the Golden State Warriors
No problem
Do you like him because he stars in The Silence of the Lambs?
Sure, Ted Tally wrote All the Real Girls and The Huntsman. Do you like dramas?
Well, you might also like The Silence of the Lambs as well. It is a thriller and stars Anthony Heald.
Enjoy
The Transformers is a great action movie. Are you a fan of action movies?
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in Revenge of the Fallen.
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Philadelphia Experiment or The Men Who Stare at Goats.
He is an athlete who plays basketball as a point guard.
Yes I am a fan
Yes, they were all the runner ups in the 90s.
I don't know about Hush Hush but I can recommend you movies where Christoph Waltz starred.
yes, it is a series
It is a romance novel written by William Golding.
Great, I hope you enjoy them
Thank you
A few things. He's from London and plays Golf most prominently.
I understand. He's still an excellent golfer. What do you think of Tiger Woods?
I haven't seen Happy Gilmore, is it the movie?
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is part owner. Do you like the Dolphins?
Oh, then I guess you wouldn't know much about the Titans then. They are in the NFC South division. Are you a fan of them?
They are ok! They are a very talented team in the NFC South!
Yes, actually he wrote Rayuela
It was released in 1963 and is in English.
You're welcome.
I think she's a singer like Lady Gaga and Katy Perry right?
Yes I know she was in a science fiction flick The Giver. Did you know she is also an actor?
The Giver was written by Lois Lowry. It starred Al Pacino, who also stars in The Lorax.
Are you talking about the book Looking for Alaska written by John Green?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, which is also a book.
It is a similar book, The Fault in Our Stars.
Your welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Yes, he also starred in Utterly Cold Blooded. It was also made into a movie.
I haven't seen it yet, but I will check it out. Thanks for the information!
Sure, I do. Nathan Greno wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories, which is a Romance/Comedy.
That is correct. Mandy Moore is also in The Mandy Moore and Katherine Heigl. Do you like her movies?
Sure! World War Z is a great family film. I think you would enjoy it.
You should. Tim Allen was very famous in Toy Story 3. It's a great family movie.
Well, if you like Tom Hanks, you should check out Larry Crowne. It's an action movie.
You are very welcome! Enjoy!
Yes it is a great movie! It is starring Steven Spielberg and James Franco. Do you like them?
The Goonies is a great movie starring Robin Williams, it is a Science Fiction Sci-Fi. Another good one is X-Men: The Last Stand.
This movie was released in 2006.
Great movie! It starred Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr., and Judd Hirsch.
You are welcome. He also starred in Proof of Life.
He also starred in Zombieland. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy
Yes, it stars Marlon Brando as well as Marlon Brando.
Robert De Niro directed The Scent of a Woman.
It looks like he's also an actor.
He has starred in many films. A few that I would recommend are Apocalypse Now, The Scent of a Woman, and The Son of No One.
Witless Protection is a crime drama and also starring Mark Wahlberg.
Sure! Witless Protection is a thriller, so you might like it!
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo stars Al Pacino.
Glad to help!
Yes, isn't she a singer?
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like music?
Some of her latest albums are Sisterhood, Lady Gaga, Mama Gone and The Day After Tomorrow
Yes, I am a huge fan of their music. I love their song Waiting for the End. How about you?
I personally like their music. I think most of them would be kind of dance to music. What's your favorite song of them?
I prefer rock, like The Wiz, or Metallica. I like some of their music.
Yes. Craig T. Nelson starred in movies like How to Train Your Dragon 2, Twister, The Skull and The World According to Garp. Have you seen them?
He was also in The Incredibles. It also starred George Clooney. Do you like his movies?
He was also in Twilight and The Psychological Thriller.
I'm not sure what other movies he's starred in but The Family Stone is a very popular film.
That's a good one. She also starred in Will Ferrell and Your Highness.
Sure! You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
Of course, she also wrote The Collected Poems, and The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
Writings of Sylvia Plath, Sylvia Plath was released in 1982.
I think he was the most popular song of his was The Wiz. Do you like him?
Really, it seems to be a very popular person. He also acted in the movie Groundhog Day, have you seen it?
Yes it's the one who plays the roll Fidgit. It was released in 1999. You should check it out.
Sure, he directed Deadpool. Have you seen that?
Deadpool is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy movies?
I do not have that information right now.
No problem, enjoy!
He wrote II Principe
Il Principe is considered a classic! It was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli, in English.
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli. He was also a musician!
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli. He was also a musician!
Sure. He wrote The Egyptian and The Charge of the Light Brigade. Are you a fan?
I am not sure off the top of my head but I do know it was released in 2005.
Yes, it is written in English.
She wrote The Temple of My Familiar, and The Color Purple
The Color Purple is a fantasy novel and the genre is fiction
It is a musical, if you like musicals, you should watch it.
Oh that starred Christopher Nolan
I do not have that information right now
Absolutely, Enjoy
The soccer player? I heard he is good. He is fourth-most goals scored of all time in the European Cup and UEFA Champions League.
Wow, I didn't know that. Thanks for the info.
I like them both. My favorite team is Manchester United F.C.
The Scarlet Letter was written by George R.R. Martin. He also wrote The Princess and the Frog.
He wrote The World According to Garp and The Cider House Rules.
Would you like to know something about The Cider House Rules?
It was released in 1995.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
He is a great actor! He starred in Set It Off.
Yes, she's very talented. I like her music but i haven't seen her in any other movies actually.
It also stars Robert Downey Jr and Rosario Dawson. It is an excellent Sci-Fi movie.
Of course! I hope you enjoy!
Have you seen other movies in the genre like Ocean's Thirteen?
The Fight Club is a drama and starring Brad Pitt. It is a triller, do you like that genre?
I don't know about a comedy but I do know that it is in the comedy genre.
Brad Pitt has starred in a lot of movies such as Edward Norton and the musician Meatloaf. Do you like his work?
You're welcome
It's a romance and a biography. Do you like romance novels?
Simon McBurney also starred in Days of Blood & Starlight. Have you seen either of these?
It is a Romantic film, similar to The Theory of Everything.
Yes, he is a Cricket player from India.
Do you know Phillip Pullman who are in that movie?
That's a interesting fact, I believe he is from India.
I agree! Lakers is a great player with the Los Angeles Lakers. If you are a Lakers fan, you must be a big fan. Don't you think?
Honestly, I don't know him. I think he is a good coach
Yes, Holes is a book for young adults and is filled with adventure.
Wayside School is Falling Down is written by Louis Sachar. He also wrote small steps.
If you like a great book Holes you should also check out There's a Wocket in My Pocket. It was written by Louis Sachar.
I know he plays basketball for the Golden State Warriors. He plays both positions shooting guard and point guard.
I'm not sure, but he's also a point guard for the Golden State Warriors.
They are all basketball movies. The only one I know is The Warriors.
You're welcome!
He starred in Vulgar
Sure. Vulgar is a 1998 American crime drama film directed by Kevin Smith. Kevin Smith also directed The Pillars of the Earth.
Sure. Vulgar is a 2008 American Drama Film directed by Kevin Smith. It is a very good film.
Sure, he also starred in The Pursuit of Happiness and Sense and Sensibility. Both are good movies.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
I have heard of it but I don't know much about it. Do you like soccer?
i actually don't like soccer that much but i did hear he plays for the Germany national football team
I haven't read it, but I heard it's a good piece of speculative fiction. I really like that genre.
Sure. The Pillars of the Earth and The Omen Machine are a few he has written. Have you read them?
It is a romance novel.
Yes. Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. It's a great book.
It is a Utopian Fiction. Do you like that genre?
I don't know of any fiction novels by him. However, he wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four which is a historical novel.
I am not sure of the genre but I do know that Nineteen Eighty-Four is Children's Literature.
Sure, hope you enjoy the novel.
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome
I think he is/was a NFL player. I don't know much about him.
Do you like Tom Brady? I think he's with Carolina Panthers.
I like Stephen Gostkowski, he's a good quarterback. He won a Heisman Trophy a while ago.
Yes I do. He is a celebrity boxer.
Yeah, I think I'll have to look it up. I don't know much about him.
Yes, I have heard that I did not know that.
Well, The Time Machine was written by H.G Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you heard of it?
It was written by Robert Zemeckis.
The genre is science fiction
The Host is similar and is also written by Stephenie Meyer. Have you seen it?
You should check out Twilight as well, it's in the romance genre.
Of course! It stars Steve Buscemi and Steve Buscemi and is considered a Sci-Fi movie.
Good to know. Steve Buscemi also starred in Swordfish, which is another romance film.
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Other Guys. Have you seen either of those?
The Amazing Spider-Man is a science fiction starring Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield. It is a great movie.
Yes she did. She also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and Iron Man 2.
Sure. It's a self-help book written by Dale carnegie. Similar books are The magic of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project.
The Power of Thinking Without Thinking was a great book by Dale Carnegie.
He also wrote first things called How to Win Friends and Influence People.
You're welcome!
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Jack Reacher is a mystery/Thriller starring Tom Cruise, Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo. It's a great mystery thriller.
Jack Reacher is a Thriller with Robert Duvall.
Shark Night also stars Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
No, I haven't heard his music but I know that he is very talented, he is a songwriter too.
Yes, he is a great songwriter. Do you like him?
I don't play any of his songs, but I do know he is from Brazil and is from South Africa.
Are you a fan of animated films? If so I would recommend The Incredibles.
Sure, I'll add Ratatouille to your watch list.
You're welcome!
James Franco and Selma Hayek also starred in moveies.
Have you seen Girl with the Dragon Tattoo? It's a Crime Thriller.
It stars Danny DeVito and Lee Norris.
Great, I'll add them to your list.
Was this book written by Paula McLain?
No, I haven't, but I heard it was a good read.
Circling the Sun was released in 2012, and it was in English.
No, it was not written in English, but it was released in English. Enjoy!
I think she's a good singer but can't recall any of her songs right now. Do you like her?
I like Piece by Piece. Do you know if she is in a movie?
I am unsure if she has or not. But, I know she is very talented. Aiken is friends with Tyra Banks
Yes, I also like TV shows, I would recommend watching the show Runaway or the show.
Do you like City of Fallen Angels because it is a fantasy or because it is written by Cassandra Clare?
How about The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks? It's a great book.
The Iron Trial and The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones are part of the series as well. Have you read them?
No problem! Enjoy.
Yes, he wrote Hotel Rwanada. Have you seen that?
It is an adventure starring Terry George
starred in The Other Boleyn Girl.
It is a Drama/Fantasy genre.
Sure! The Other Boleyn Girl is a Drama/Fantasy movie. I highly recommend it.
I am not sure who starred in The Other Boleyn Girl. It is a Drama/Fantasy genre.
Yes, Franz Kafka wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
The Castle is a fantasy novel released in 2003. It was also made into a movie.
My data has it listed as a Fantasy or Speculative fiction. Is that something you're interested in?
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
Steven Spielberg directed The Goonies. Have you seen it?
Yes, Catch Me If You Can also stars Sandra Bullock and Bill Pullman. It is a family comedy.
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull and The Grand Sophy.
Yes it was, have you seen it? It stars Steve Buscemi, Paula Hawkins
No problem
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Prince. Are you a fan?
The Siren is a fantasy novel. I highly recommend it!
If you are into Children's literature, The Siren is a good one. It's written by Elizabeth George Speare. It's a fantasy novel.
Isn't it written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley?
Percy Bysshe Shelley also wrote The Last Man and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer. Do you like horror genre?
He was also in The Last Man and The Green Mile.
Yes she also starred in The Percy Bysshe Shelley.
Yes, Paper Towns was written by John Green, is a young adult fiction/ mystery and was released in 2008.
I have. Are you talking about The Fault in Our Stars?
He is a basketball player, from Winston Salem.
Yes he was, do you know who acted in this movie?
Yes they do. I know a lot about basketball except the Superbowl. Are you familiar with them?
The Scorch Trials was written by James Dashner. It's a young-adult fiction movie, do you like this genre?
Yes, Way Station is a great book.
I haven't, but I will check it out. Thanks for the information.
Of course! X-men is an action movie, and a sci-fi flick, but I get the feeling you're more interested in the superhero factor of it?
Rick Riordan starred in this movie. It's a Sci-Fi. Do you like those genres?
Yes, Volcano stars Tom Cruise and Kevin Dillon. It is a Sci-Fi/Action film. Do you like those genres?
I have not seen it, but I know it was written by both Craig Pearce and Baz Luhrmann.
Yes, she was in it as well! Do you like her movies?
It starred Joe Morton and I believe it was a male lead.
You're welcome
Cristiano Ronaldo is a football player who had a romantic relationship with Irina Shayk
Not really. I am more of a American Football fan. What about you?
I am a fan of both. I do enjoy watching Gymnastics. What is your favorite sport?
Then I do love American football. What is your favorite team?
I am steelers fan and broncos. Tom Brady is a great player.
They likely do. They will be in the AFC West this year.
Sure! Alan Rickman starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream.
It is a thriller starring Al Pacino. Do you like the actor or genre?
Have you seen Any Given Sunday? It's one of my favorites.
Yes. Rodney Dangerfield also starred in The Matrix Revisited.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
That's a good one! Little Miss Sunshine is also a Thriller.
It was released in 2007 and a great movie.
You're welcome.
Yes, Jason Derulo is a singer, songwriter and dancer
I do, Jordan Derulo is a great singer. I haven't really heard anything from her
Yes, I do like her.
Certainly! What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in her work?
It was released in 2014. You might also like The Last Anniversary also by Liane Moriarty.
That was a great book. The next one in the series is Speaker for the Dead. Do you like science fiction?
Speakers of the Dead and Other Stories is also speculative fiction
I do not know who wrote Waylander. Would you be interested in some other recommendations?
you are welcome
Sure, do you like Aladdin because it is a Thriller or because it is a Mystery?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by Ron Howard.
Your welcome.
She is a bit poppy for me. Did you know she starred in The Muppets a musical comedy film?
Definitely! She was in a new version of The Edge of Glory in 1897 and is a classic.
She was in The Muppets too, I think it was a great movie.
Do you like Coldplay because it is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal?
Yeah, I like Yellow too. I think Clint Eastwood is a great actor in this movie.
No, actually they did not. I will have to check it out.
Sure, I can help! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
He starred in The House of Mirth which is a Romantic Comedy.
Yes she is starring in tv show.
Your welcome.
Kahil Gilbran wrote Where the Wild Things Are and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you heard of either of those?
Speculative Fiction. what else can i answer for you today?
The Prophet was released 2008 what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
I think he's an actor. Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
Sure, a few of his songs that are popular are Yuvraj Singh, Little Miss Sunshine, and Yogi Bear. Have you heard any of them?
It's a pop music. But, if you like pop music, this is definitely my favorite.
Yes, he is a great actor! He starred in The Young Lions and The Wild One. Have you seen those?
The book is about the life of young girl whom will stay face to face to life's problem
It was released in 2003
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Wolverine is a thriller, so you may like The Life Before Her Eyes and Jack Reacher? Have you heard of those?
Rise of the Guardians is a Drama
He also wrote Rise of the Guardians if you like fantasy genre.
You are very welcome
The movie Red stars actors and actresses Morgan Freeman. Have you seen it?
Yes, he stars in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
He also starred in The Crucible and The Manchurian Candidate, both great drama movies.
I don't have any more information on that author.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Shooter is starring Rob Zombie and Shia LaBeouf.
Yes, he did. Jason Statham and Brad Pitt also starred in The O.C..
Anytime!
Did you enjoy it because it was a drama, or because it was a crime movie?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a really popular one, it is a drama and crime movie. Have you seen it?
Do you mean crime movies?
Of course, Maleficent is starring Sam Neill and Emma Stone. Do you like them?
Sure, she also starred in Sweet Home Alabama which is a fantasy film. Have you seen that one?
Yes she was in that one, along with Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
Yes I did. Did you know that Owen Wilson also starred in The Wedding Crashers?
Yes, he was in that but he did a lot of movies. It's considered a comedy too.
He's on the New York Knicks right?
I'm not sure on that, but I do know he plays the Midfielder position.
He plays Midfielder and is also on the Germany national football team.
I know he play soccer for the Real Madrid C.F. from Portugal. You like soccer
No I don't know. What sport do you like?
Yes, he is the captain of the Portugal national football team.
The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about other movies with him in it?
Yes, John Travolta starred in Edge of Tomorrow.
A similar movie would be The Outsiders, or The Power of Six.
Yes, and Emma Stone too. Would you like to know about other movies starring Bill Murray?
I will be glad to help. Enjoy
That movie stars Zooey Deschanel
I like romantic comedies. I also like thrillers like Zooey Deschanel.
I like murder mystery, but if you haven't seen The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants?
I haven't seen Pacifier, is it in a thriller?
Yes, she wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures.
You might also enjoy "Out" written by Sara Gruen. It's a romance as well.
I believe it did. It's a romance novel.
I don't really like them. I think they are the most arrogant team in the MLB, and I don't like their owner George Steinbrenner.
He was born in Houston, Texas and is an American businessman.
The movie Zookeeper was written by Robert Zemeckis. It came out in 1999.
I can't find that information, but I know it was written by Stephen King
He also produced That Thing You Do!
I am not sure of the genre but I do know that it is crime fiction.
It is a comedy and stars Denzel Washington and Steve Carell. It's quite funny.
Do you want to know more about those movies?
Yes, Good Will Hunting stars Matt Damon and was written by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
Yes, Robin Williams starred in it as well
No I have not I have heard of them.
You're welcome, hope you enjoy!
Other than knowing them as a prominent football team I don't know and also do not prefer watching football matches.
I like him. I like the New York Giants when he was on the NFC West.
Yes, I like the Steelers, one of the best teams in the AFC West division. I like the Steelers because he was a QB for the Seahawks.
Do you like the book because it is a mystery, or because it is a drama?
The Women of Brewster Place was written by Rick Riordan.
I'm not sure about that. But I know she was influenced by William Shakespeare
She also starred in A Beautiful Mind.
Perfect. Have a good day.
Sure! Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward. It has a vampire them. Do you like that genre?
That's right, it was also released in 2005. That was the same year that Bird Box was released.
The Mist was also written by Stephen King. That another great sci-fi movie you might like.
You might enjoy Snow White and the Huntsman or The Shifters series.
Sure thing!
She starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs
The Shinning is a great horror film, it stars Ben Stiller and Barbara Streisand and is a horror film.
I would recommend The Walking Dead if you haven't seen it.
Enjoy.
He starred in The Invasion and Downfall.
I am not sure who starred in the Invasion. It is a thriller that was released in 2012.
She also starred in Willie Garson. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He's an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
She starred in What's Up, Truly Madly Guilty, and Three Wishes.
All I know is that she starred in the film Lady Gaga. Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
No, I haven't seen it yet. Is it a mystery genre?
The Muppets also had Will Smith. That was a great movie! It's considered a comedy-drama. Do you like that genre?
You should check out Alice's Adventures in Wonderland too.
Sure. Essential Readings for the Non-Believer is an anthology edited by Christopher Hitchens. It was released in 1865.
Yes, Frank Beddor. He also wrote The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Children of Men.
You are very welcome!
Sure, do you like movies starring Orlando Bloom or Billy Boyd from The Lord of the Rings?
He starred in The Good Doctor and Troy. Do you like any particular genre?
He starred in The Return of the King, which was a drama movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, She is a poet, author. She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you heard of this book?
He's a golfer right? I don't really know much about him other than he plays Golf. Do you follow him
I love Adam Sandler in those movies! But I haven't seen Happy Gilmore before.
That's right. I liked Hot Tub Time Machine too. Have you seen it?
He directed The Butterfly Effect starring William Lee Scott.
It is a psychological thriller and horror film. Are you interested in those?
Enjoy!
Sure, Now You See Me is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It is a drama/thriller starring Denzel Washington. The Pelican Brief was released in 1993.
If you like Crime Dramas, I recommend X-Men, X-Men 2 or World War Z.
Sure, do you like Juno because it is a romance film?
You might enjoy The Truth About Forever, or Wicked Lovely.
Yes, it is a comedy-drama.
Jennifer Lawrence, J.K. Simmons, and Bill Murray are a few of the actors in Young Adult Films.
I think you might like The Warrior's Way, starring Bradley Cooper
Yes, he's a funny one. You should check it out
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
Yes it was released in 2012 and is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Sure, you will like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
You should watch it. It is a great movie.
Sure! Sense and Sensibility was also written by Jane Austen.
Jane Austen wrote Lullaby.
He also wrote Eighty-Four, Great Gatsby, and The Tree of Life.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Well, if you like the O.C., then maybe you could check out The Things They Carried. Have you seen them?
He was in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
Another good one is The Gathering. Have you seen that one?
Rocky is a Horror film. Similar movies in the genre are The Chronicles of Narnia and The Man from Snowy River.
You might like The X-Men series, or World War Z. Have you seen them?
It's a martial arts film and was released in 2014.
You're welcome!
Yes, At the Water's Edge is similar to Water for Elephants.
Then you might like Pretty Little Liars. It's a good one.
The Age of Innocence was released in 2007.
You're welcome
I didn't know he was a good basketball player. I think he won NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
I am not a big basketball fan but if I had to choose, I would say gymnastics. I think gymnasts are extremely talented.
I agree. What do you think of Blake Griffin in the NBA?
Oh wow, i didn't know that. Wow he must be very good then! What do you think?
Sure! It's a mystery, written by Mark Haddon, and was released in 2003.
He also wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon.
The Godfather, starring Al Pacino, was a drama. Do you want similar movies also produced by Robert Evans?
Yes, it is a very similar movie.
Apocalypse Now is a good movie. Apocalypse Now is a classic.
Apocalypse Now is a great movie. Apocalypse Now is a classic.
Sure! She is one of my favorite singers.
Sure, have you seen Titanic or The Bounty Hunter?
Excellent. Happy to help
He's mainly a Parody film. He's also a writer and a film producer.
You are welcome.
Sure, Meg Cabot wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
Underworld: Evolution is the genre sci-fi.
Sure. She also wrote Underworld: Evolution and Twilight.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
If you like thrillers, you might like Animal Kingdom. It's a Crime Fiction Film.
Robert De Niro and David Bautista from Guardians of the galaxy star in War. Do you like them?
I'm not sure when it came out. I can give it a try.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Have you seen the Winnie the Pooh animated film?
Yes, Craig Ferguson starred in Brave, How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2.
It was released in 1974.
No but I heard Simona Halep plays tennis.
Actually I don't know much about tennis but I do know that Serena Williams is also a good player
Wow what do you think of Venus or Serena?
Other than knowing them as a prominent football team I don't know and also do not prefer watching football matches.
Oh, I liked Tuesday Night Football. It was a really cool, funny movie. Do you like comedies?
I believe it is a book. Two of my favorite books are A Man Named Jackie and A Bug's Life.
127 hours is a Thriller, other Thrillers that you may enjoy are Man on Wire and High Plains Drifter.
A couple of his well-known films are You, Me and Dupree and You've Got Mail.
James Franco is a great actor. He was also in The Incredible Hulk and The Avengers. Have you seen those?
Yes it was written by Robert D. Siegel, who also wrote Zodiac?
It's a drama
Your welcome!
I don't really know anything about him, other than he is from Delhi and plays cricket. Do you follow that sport?
Actually, I prefer American football, do you like soccer?
Manchester United F.C., Corey Johnson, Robert Downey Jr. are some of the great cricket players.
Sure, it falls into the fantasy genre. It was written by C.S. Lewis and is part of a series. Have you read them?
Sure, C.S. Lewis wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, The Silver Chair, The Silver Chair, and The Chronicles of Narnia. Would you like to read any of those?
I believe it was a fiction novel.
No problem. Enjoy.
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where There's Smoke. Both are Speculative fiction.
Yes, Peter Pan is a crime fiction book. Another good one is The Longest Yard. Have you heard of that one?
Sure. He also wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance. Do you like that genre?
It is a young-adult fiction book.
Sure, The Sea Wolf is a young-adult fiction novel by Rick Riordan.
Jane Austen wrote the book.
He wrote Paccka3bl N TLobectN.and Eecbl.
William Petty and John Burroughs also wrote Eecbl, have you heard of him?
I'm not sure but it was released the same year as The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
The Cabin in the Woods starring Kristen Connolly. It is a thriller and mystery. Do you like these genres?
I do not have that information but I can tell you it was written by Walter Hill.
Yes that movie is starring Ty Olsson
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Is it the Sci-Fi drama that you like or the Adventure?
If you liked that one, you may want to check out The Incredible Hulk or The Avengers.
Did you know that he produced the sci-fi movie Men in Black 3?
Armageddon is also a Sci-Fi movie
That's true. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
I recommend based on The Blind Side. It is a great Thriller.
I would also recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine. What about that?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information for that. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
Not really but I do know that Venus is ranked world No. 1 in singles by the WTA on separate occasions
Serena has starred in a number of games, including the doubles, which is great to watch.
Sure it is a great movie, it is starring Ryan Reynolds and Chris O'Donnell. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I haven't seen either of them. I do know that he directed a lot of good films like Scarlett Johansson and Chris Hemsworth.
Scarlett Johansson also stars in The Other Boleyn Girl. I haven't seen it yet, I will check it out.
Do you like Hugh Jackman? He is in this movie.
Nick Cassavetes directed it. Do you like him?
Alicia Vikander, David Koepp, and Tim Blake Nelson to name a few.
It came out in 2007.
Yes! Superman Returns stars Kevin Spacey, Matt Damon and many others. Do you like them?
It is a Comedy-drama if you like comedy.
yea he did. You've Got Mail is a great movie. It was directed by David Fincher.
Yes, he is in that film too.
I'll add that to your watch list.
Your welcome.
It is a thriller written by Dan Brown. Do you like this author or you like thrillers?
The Last Templar starring Tom Berenger is a good one. what else can i answer for you?
what else can i do for you today?
Sure! I Love and Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog is a romantic comedy. Do you like this genre?
Yes, it is also a movie , I would also recommend The Long Kiss Goodnight.
The Wide Window is starring Matt Damon and Julia Roberts.
ok. Enjoy the movie
Yes, that's correct.
You're welcome
Great, enjoy the movie!
I haven't read that one, but I know it was written by Charles Dickens. Do you like his work?
The Fiery Cross is a popular one she wrote. Are you a fan of Outlander?
I'm not sure if she has any other books but Outlander has genre Historical fiction.
No I don't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
He is fine I guess. Marcelo Vieira, known as Marcelo, is a Brazilian professional footballer for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Brazil national team
Not so much. I don't follow soccer much. Do you like football?
Yes they were. I love Ryan Gosling, but I don't think he's as good as Hayden Panettiere.
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you seen either of those?
That would be a sci-fi. Do you like sci-fi?
He also starred in Women in Love, which is a romantic comedy.
Apparently Wyatt Earp was directed by Jim Sturgess.
I loved her in Who's That Girl and Swept away, more than her songs. What about you?
Papa Don't Preach is a favorite of mine, it has a genre of Thriller. Do you have a favorite genre?
My favorite song by him is Pretty Little Liars.
The New York Jets is owned by Woody Johnson. I think the MetLife stadium is their home venue. Do you like the New York Jets?
I'm not a big fan of football. Are there any other teams you follow?
I do know that their former quarterback Mark Sanchez is with the New York Jets and he also owns the New York Jets.
He wrote Snatch. I like him.
Sure, it also stars Robert Downey Jr. and was released in 2013.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I do, will do.
It s a south korean boy band. do you like them?
I haven't heard of them. Is they a good team?
Oh great, I'll have to try it out. Thanks for the info!
Stefan Kapicic has starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Yes, he did.
He's friends with Snoop Dogg. They are both rappers. Have you heard of him?
I think they are both friends with Snoop Dogg, but I think he is a good friend with Dr. Dre. Do you know who they are?
Yes, he did! It's a really good one. Dj Khaled, who also wrote The Wash and Pauly Shore Is Dead.
You're welcome!
She starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs
Time Bandits was released in 2003 and is a drama/fantasy film. Do you enjoy those types of movies?
It's a cute one. It was released in 2001 and also falls into the genre of Thriller.
She was also in The Legend of Tarzan and The Colditz Story. Do you like any of those?
Donna Tartt is known for writing The Little Friend and the Goldfinch.
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction? She wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
She wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
It's a drama and a mystery. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Michael Bay starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, The Silver Chair, and The Chronicles of Narnia. Have you seen any of those?
I don't know much about it, but you might like State of the Union and State of the Union. Have you seen those?
That's correct. Do you like Dwayne Johnson? He's a great actor.
Another one with Dwayne Johnson is You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger.
He is an athlete, with the Mumbai Indians, right?
I'm not a huge fan but I do know a bit about it. I like Yuvraj Singh. Who are your favorites?
Yes. I like playing on the New England Patriots.
I hope the Eagles win again that's another team that I like to watch. What do you think?
She starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
Oh yes! She was in Adventures in Baby Saga. It was very funny.
Certainly! He was also in The New York Times Best Sellers and No Country for Old Men. Have you seen any of those?
I'll have it, will add it to your watch list.
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. It is a great book. Have you read it?
It is a Thriller genre.
Stanlee was written by Edgar Allan Poe.
Sure! Jorja Fox starred in Memento an Indie film, a revenge fil if you will. Have you seen it?
It is written by Robert Rodriguez and also stars Thomas Lennon and Jorja Fox.
He wrote The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises. Do either of those sound interesting?
Certainly, adding them now.
I do not really my most hated team. But I do know that they just fired their head coach Mike McCarthy tonight because he did not get a long with Aaron rodgers the QB and he did not make the playoffs do you like them?
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins, that makes us rivals.
I can't remember when they were the runner-up team. Who is your favorite player?
I don't think that they play this weekend. Who is their coach?
Yes, he has written some great books, would you like to know about some of them?
I haven't read any of his work, but I do know he has also written Romance and Fantasy. Are you into that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar books, but Victor Hugo wrote Donnie Darko which is also in the Fantasy genre.
I am a HUGE Deadpool fan. Check out Star Trek: First Contact and X-Men. They are good.
I'm not sure if it's the one, but it's written by Douglas Adams.
Deadpool is based on a Marvel comic of the same name. Deadpool also stars Ryan Reynolds and Ed Skrein.
Sure, no problem!
Absolutely! You are very welcome. Have a great day!
Isn't he that Belgian soccer player that was injured in a crash recently?
Probably the most popular sport in the UK. Did you know Eden Hazard played for Chelsea in the Premier League?
Thanks for the info!
Yes she is, she starred in Spring Breakers and Ramona and Beezus
Yes, I do. It's one of my favorites! Alexis Dziena and Selena Gomez.
I haven't seen it yet. I think I will watch it tonight. Enjoy!
It is a great comedy, written by John Lasseter. If you like comedies, this movie is a great movie.
John C.Reilly both wrote and directed it. If you like Will Ferrell, you definitely appreciate his work.
It was released in 2004. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606. That is also the same year as the release of The Tragedie of Anthony and Cleopatra.
It was written by William Shakespeare.
It's genre is poetry.
He is. He was influenced by William Shakespeare, as well as William Shakespeare.
Sure, he directed the King's Speech, The Damned United, and Les Miserables
Kings Speech was rated PG and PG-13. The King's Speech was rated PG. Do you like his work?
The King's Speech was released in 2012.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
I think he was a defensive back in the day as well, did you know that?
I've heard they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Yes, both Nicholas Cage and John Travolta are starred in that.
Yeah, she's pretty cool as long as she stays away from Chris Brown. What's your favorite song of hers?
Battleship with Taylor Kitsch also starred in it. Do you know Rihanna's husband was also in it?
I highly recommend it. It is a great movie, you should also watch it.
Yes,He is an singer
He mostly does Pop rock and Indie rock.
Great, I think you will enjoy them.
No, I haven't but it seems to be a Johnny Depp film and probably it should be a good one. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
Yes, he was also in it as well. Do you like him?
I have not seen it yet. I will have to check it out.
I haven't seen Ride Along 2.
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling?
He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
Juraissic stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is written by Robert Mark Kamen. Do you like Romance films?
The Path of Daggers is also a good one
Yes, she was, along with X-Men Origins: Wolverine
Some of the actors were in X-Men Origins include Anna Kendrick and Robert Duvall
The Looking Glass Wars is also a good adventure movie
Not that I know of but he did star in The Proposal
I would recommend Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights. My favorite is The Graveyard Book.
Yes, it was. It is a speculative fiction novel.
Yes, that is true. Have you read The Stand? It's a great book.
Glad I could help!
Yes. And that was written by Winston Groom
That's my home team however I think the Bucs are not a very good team so I don;t follow them. Only what I hear on the news.
My favorite player is Adrian Peterson
he played a forward
They are not doing well
I'm not a huge fan of hers. I think she is one of the best singers of our generation.
Yes she is a great singer. Do you like any other singers?
I don't like Liam Neeson, but I know he is an author as well.
He starred in Desperado! Have you heard of it?
Yes he was in Desperado. Do you like his music?
Avatar was a great movie she played. it was a good movie. do you like her?
Sure! Charlotte Bront wrote Villette and The Professor. Both are very good reads.
If you liked Jane Eyre, you might also enjoy the Vile Village. It is another great read.
If you like the genre of Jane Eyre, you should also try The Professor. I highly recommend the book!
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by Robin Buss
It was written by Robin Buss, and that was released in 1867.
Definitely! Station Eleven was written by Emily St. John Mandel in 2014. I do know that it was released the same year as Wicked.
Of course, she also wrote Last Night in Montreal and The Confessions of a Shopaholic and Baby.
It's a psychological thriller, while Station Eleven is considered crime fiction.
You're welcome.
Yes, I am a huge fan of the author, Rick Yancey. Are you familiar with his work?
I do, I would also recommend The Last Star and The Infinite Sea.
Yes, it is. Do you like him because he writes a lot of fiction?
Robert Jackson also wrote X-Men 2. Are you interested in speculative fiction?
George R.R. Martin wrote it.
It was released in 1880
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks, who as far as I know, writes nothing but romance novels. Do you like romance?
If you like historical movies, I would suggest Annie Hall or Beautiful Creatures.
At the Water's Edge is one of the actors in the movie.
Sure thing!
I do! It is an historical fiction novel written by Jamie Ford.
You should check it out
It looks like it is somewhere in the United States of America.
That is correct. Sounds like a good book.
Sure! If you like Batman Begins, you must like Adventure films?
Sure, I have a couple of other movies in the genre that are The Civil War and Levity. Have you seen either of those?
There are so many to choose from but a few to mention are The Civil War and Levity.
By Josh Grisham?
You might also like Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters. They are both in the mystery genre.
Sure. I'll add The Crow Road to your reading list so you can check it out
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles , which is a great piece of literature. Are you looking for titles by this author?.
Correct. Tim Dolin also wrote Thomas Hardy
He also wrote the Picture of Dorian Gray and The Handmaid's Tale
Robert Wrote the Silkworm it had me on my toes great book
She also wrote The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling
You are welcome, enjoy!
Are you looking for other titles by J.K. Rowling, or do you just prefer the fantasy genre of the book?
Fantasy Genre
There is The Looking Glass Wars written by Frank Beddor
They are all adventure movies
Your welcome
Sure, do you like books by J. D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
Yes, it was co-written by J.D. Salinger.
Sure, Dan Simmons also wrote All the Light We Cannot See
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen it?
He was also in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I didn't know that. I think he also starred in The Lord of the Rings.
I will take a look at it, thanks for the information!
Great, I think you will enjoy it!
I agree. I think he is a great player, he was born in Oakland, do you like him?
Since he is a Point Guard, I think one of my favorite basketball players is Dell Curry
He is a point guard. He is a good point guard.
Sure, Do you like books by J. D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
I don't have any examples but J.D. Salinger also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories.
Yes! They are a Korean boy band from Seoul that sing pop music, k-pop, and contemporary R&B.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't think I've heard of her music. Is she from South Korea?
It is a great book, it was written by Ann-Marie MacDonald .
It was released in 2001, the same year The Poisonwood Bible came out.
I would also recommend World Without End if you liked that.
I would definitely recommend World Without End, it is a very good one.
Enjoy!
Looper stars Bruce Willis and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
That is a Thriller. anything else i can answer for you?
have a good day
Sure! I loved A Beautiful Mind! It was written by Peter Hyams, who also wrote Much Ado About Nothing.
He also directed The Missing. It is a great comedy.
You are welcome, goodbye.
That book is written by Tony Goldwyn and Erik Larson
He also starred in Someone Like You and The Giver.
Someone Like You is a comedy drama
Absolutely!
It was written by J. D. Salinger, do you like the genre or would you like me to recommend other books by him?
Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories are also written by him.
He also wrote Franny and Zooey
I don't know much about football but I do know he is a forward
It was released in 1987. Do you like dramas?
No i don't know who starred in it but i do know it was also written by Anthony Burgess
I could also recommend Waiting to Exhale which was also written by John Grisham.
Sure! Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. It's a romance novel. Are you into that genre?
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre. Do you like historical fiction?
It is a Historical fiction and was released in 1987.
Yes, they are both historical fiction.
You're welcome!
Sure, Arsenal is a pro soccer team in England. They play in the Premier League.
I think the Saints are doing well this season.
I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. What is your favorite team?
Wally Lamb is a great author, she wrote The Hour I First Believed and She's Come Undone
I'll have to check this out, thanks for letting me know!
I haven't read it yet, but I will look into it.
I do too.
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is part owner. Do you like the Dolphins?
I like the Bears, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Which team is your favorite?
I'm a Packers fan. But, I'm a Redskins fan. What do you think of them?
Sure, Inside Out is a Thriller, so may like Verbal Judo or Reservoir Dogs.
The movie starred many well-known actors, including Chris Pratt, Ty Simpkins and Bryce Dallas Howard
It was released in 1990 and was directed by Steven Spielberg.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. She has a nice voice. She is very talented. Aside from being a great singer, she's also a Songwriter, and she can act, too!
Yes, Victorious was a great Sitcom. She also starred in I Spy, which is a comedy.
Yes, she was and so was Selena Gomez.
Very funny. You should give it a try.
I am not familiar with Downfall. I know it was written by several people including Taudl Junge.
They used to be a war film. Another great war film is The Hundred Secret Senses. Have you seen it?
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy it!
It is a fiction novel, do you like fiction?
Sure, have you read Welcome to Temptation, Wolf Brother or Water for Elephants?
If you like Wolf Brother, I think you'll enjoy Wuthering Heights! I think you'll enjoy it!
Glad I could help!
It is a young-adult fiction book written by Daniel Henney.
Yes! It is also a sci-fi movie.
Yes! That is a great movie. It was released in 2010 and directed by Peter Hyam.
That's great. He also starred in Waking Ned Devine and it was released in 2013.
No problem! Enjoy!
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is part owner. Do you like the Dolphins?
They are very good. Who is your favorite player on the Cowboys?
Tony Romo is also a producer. Did you know he played for the Seahawks in the 2012 Summer Olympics?
Yes, he wrote the Royal Tenenbaums. Have you heard of it?
Owen Wilson is the main character in the film. It includes a bit of drama, comedy, and romance.
Did you know that Olivia Wilde starred in that movie?
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer from London.
I don't have any information on that.
I don't really know much about golf. Do you like any other sports?
Sure! Virginia Woolf wrote To The Lighthouse and The Waves.
Yes, she wrote The Waves, and The Secret Life of Bees. Do you like any of those genres?
It was released in 1927.
Sure! I hope you enjoy!
He is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association. Are you interested in Basketball?
He is on the New Orleans Pelicans. Do you like basketball?
Yes I am, The Denver Nuggets is a good team as well. Have you seen it?
She starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs
Time Bandits would be considered a comedy and action film. Do you like comedies?
You're very welcome.
Certainly. Michael Mann directed Public Enemies starring Marion Cotillard.
Yes. He also directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which was a great movie, if you're interested.
Yes, it is a great Tom Cruise action film.
Me too, Frances Mayes is a great author. Would you like to read some of her works?
She also wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
Hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I think she's fine. What's your favorite song of hers?
Did you know she also starred in some movies as well?
Oh yea ! She is also in The Lorax too. She is one of my favorite actors.
I don't know much about footbal but i know that they are professional football team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Me either. I think Roethlisberger is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like football?
She has also written Shadowland and Night Star. Have you read these?
She's written a series of books in the fantasy genre. Would you like to know more about these?
You're right. Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
I think he is one of the best players on the Colombia national football team.
Do you know any other sports ?
I don't follow football closely, but I do know Radamel Falcao is from Bogota.
Yes, it is an amazing movie. It is a teen movie and drama. Do you like it because it is a drama movie?
It is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
There's Bram Stoker's Dracula, written by him.
Would you like me to add it to your queue?
You're welcome.
He's the sibling of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two and Two. Do you like Harry Potter?
Yes, she did write quite a few books. Did you know J.K. Rowling starred in Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two?
I don't see it, but I can find it for you. Anything else I can help you with?
He wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
Its a suspense. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance. anything else i can do for you?
Great. The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum starred in The Bourne Identity. Robert Ludlum starred in The Scarlatti Inheritance. what else can i do for you?
They are both great actors starring Matt Damon and Josh Hamilton. Do you like them?
Sure! Laura Hillenbrand wrote Unbroken A world war II story of survival, resilience and Redemption, have you read it?
She also wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption.
She wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Black Elk Speaks.
James Mangold directed Walk The Line, a biography. He also directed Girl Interrupted, and Kate & Leopold. Do any of them sound interesting to you?
Yes, she was, along with Johnny Cash. The movie was very good. Do you like her movies?
I'm unsure if that particular story won any awards but Johnny Cash won the Tony Award for Best Original Score!
She also has a TV series, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. That might be one of my favorites.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes. Are you interested in genre like the Jazz Age or The American Dream? Another book by author F. Scott Fitzgerald is Tender Is The Night.
World Without End is another book written by the same author
Well it is a fiction book, I think you will like it.
Sure! Jason Cope starred in District 9 and Dredd. Want to know more?
Spud is a Thriller and science fiction
I'm not sure about that
Ron Rifkin starred in this movie
Yes, he directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
The Return of a Man Called Horse is a 1987 American fantasy drama directed by Irwin Kreshner, do you like the genre?
You're welcome!
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
Peter Mensah and Eva Green are in that movie. Would you like to know more about it?
The Other Guys was released in 1994
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Sure. She was in The Long Way Home starring Morgan Freeman. Have you seen that?
You are correct. Are you interested in Ned Bellamy in The Civil War?
Yes he is. He also starred in The Civil War
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Blood Diamond is a 1998 American crime drama film starring Leonardo DiCaprio.
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Yes, Leonardo DiCaprio starred in The Aviator and The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen either of those?
I haven't seen Good Night and Good Luck to name a few. It has a genre of Thriller and Mystery.
I agree! James Cameron also starred in True Lies as well.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes. 50/50 is a Romance movie. A similar movie to 50/50 is the movie Shopgirl. Would you like another recommendation?
Well, I can recommend a couple of the movies, The Hangover or The Avengers. Have you heard of either of those?
Sure, Vanessa Fertio starred in The Grapes of Wrath. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Yes. They are in the NBA and owned by Jay-Z.
They are. The Washington Wizards are owned by Jay-Z. Are you a fan?
I haven't. Do you know who produced Nanking?
Yes, I do. She is a very talented author. Have you read The Little House Collection?
The Long Winter is a mystery/mystery novel. It was released in 1953.
If you like historical fiction I would recommend Wilder Dancing, The Two Towers or The Valley of Horses.
Sure thing. I'll add these to your reading list.
He wrote Thunderstruck
I have a couple of good drama books. Then you might like Girl with the Dragon Tattoo then.
Sure! Another great book by Erik Larson is The Ugly Truth if that helps.
It also stars Matthew Vaughn and Stephen Fry to name a few.
It was directed by Dave Pelzer. Do you like drama?
It is a mystery/fantasy book released in 1988.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
Jim Belushi also starred in The Pacifier. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It was released in 2003.
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
It's a comedy starring Meryl Streep, Emily Blunt and Anne Hathaway.
David McRaney and Anne Hathaway are the characters
The Dark Knight Rises is a great one, have you seen that one?
The movie was directed by Camille Del Toro
It came out in 2011
Enjoy the movie!
Sure, Jenniferlopez starred in True Romance and The Wild Life.
James Rodriguez plays for the Columbia national football team. He is a midfielder and forward. He is also a midfielder.
Yes they are. He plays midfielder.
I believe that Falcoa is also a Midfielder on the team, but I don't know where he played.
No, I don't have that information either.
Will Smith of course! That one is a good movie.
That was a great movie starring Yeardley Smith and produced by James Brooks who also produced Riding in Cars with Boys.
That one stars Danny DeVito and Jack Nicholson, and is a drama. Do you like these genres?
It was released in 1999
Enjoy
That the team is owned by Wayne Weaver. Does that ring a bell?
I'm not sure who owns the team. I know Tyron Brackenridge is the owner of the National Football League.
Yes I like football, I like some other sports.
Yes, Saina Nehwal is an athlete that plays Badminton and was born in Hisar. Are you familiar with either?
She was actually in the 2012 Summer olympics, that was a great place to visit. Have you been there?
I like tennis and Lupe Ontiveros.
He was born in London. He was also in the summer olympics.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote Two By Two, True Believer and Three Weeks with my Brother.
It was released in 2016 and is in English.
He also wrote True Believer and Three Weeks with My Brother.
Yes, he was a producer and a director.
He is a famous comedian and author as well.
You are most welcome.
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Yes, there is. It's based on the sequel.
Yes she is. She starred in it as well.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
Sin City was directed by Robert Rodriguez. He also directed El Mariachi and Grindhouse. Have you seen any of those?
Sin City is a crime fiction film, have you seen it?
It looks like that he starred in Gentlemen Broncos , which is a biography.
No problem!
Yes, it was written by Khaled Hosseini and David Benhioff. Do you like Romance novel?
Yes, it has genre Romance. Would you like to know more about movies?
The Kite Runner is a romance/action film. A Thousand Splendid Suns is also a good one!
Sure, enjoy!
Christina Lamb was influenced by George Orwell. Do you like dramas?
Yes, he did. It's a science fiction novel.
I'm not sure about that. Are you a fan of theaters?
Sure. J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where The Wild Things Are. Do either of those interest you?
Yes it's a story.
Yes I do. The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. It was released in 1925.
The Great Gatsby was released in 1925.
You might like Fantastic Mr. Fox or The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. They are both dramas.
It is written by Jonathan Kellerman.
It was released in 1925. Would you like to know anything else about this?
It is a great movie! It stars Micky Ward, Mark Wahlberg, Christian Bale, and Melissa Leo! Are you a fan of any of them?
Jane Eyre is a fiction work written by Michael Mason
She also wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette. Are you a fan of hers?
Villette is a Speculative Fiction. Like Zoe's Tale and Xenocide.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen, Do you like her books?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye, This Lullaby, and The Truth About Forever.
It is an Lullabye, The Truth About Forever.
Yes, he wrote The Amazing Spider Man and The Amazing Spider Man 2. Have you read them?
Yes, Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man.
This movie stars Steve Kloves, Jesse Jame, and Daniel Radcliffe to name a few.
Any time! I hope you enjoy it!
I believe he was a musician who also played cricket
South Africa is a great sport, playwright, and songwriter.
No I don't. I am not a fan of cricket though.
Yes, Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby and Moulin Rouge.
I am not sure who starred in it but it is a Sci-Fi/Action film.
Glad I could help
You are welcome
Yes it is a great movie. Did you know it was written by Meg Cabot?
I would recommend The Boy in the Striped Pajamas its a good one.
It is! It has an enchanting fairy tale, but if you haven't seen The Lion King yet.
Yes, that is a good one, it has a lot of dark twist and turns.
Yes, The Call of the Wild is written by Jack London. It's a wonderful book!
White Fang is also a fiction book.
Its a great book. If you like fiction I recommend To Build a Fire.
I have not, but I do know it was written by Jamie McGuire.
I will have to check it out. Did you know Jamie McGuire also wrote Walking Disaster?
I think you'll enjoy it. If you like Sacrifice, I think you will enjoy it!
No problem, enjoy!
Enjoy.
I believe she starred in X-Men: First Class. She also acted in Winter's Bone
Yes, Robert De Niro starred in it
Sure, it is a comedy and is produced by Jon Krakauer
You're welcome
They're doing okay in the NFC West. Third in rank I think. Not really a fan.
My team is the Bears. Are you a fan of Jim Caldwell?
Indeed they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Beloved was written by Toni Morrison. The Bluest Eye is also on of Morrisons books you may like.
You might like The City of Ember, which is also historical fiction.
That one is definitely a few of the actors in the movie. Would you like to know about other action movies?
I'm not a huge fan, but I do like her in the movie Victorious. Do you?
Yes, it is a good book. I think Liam Hensworth was influenced by Virginia Woolf.
I like it too! I also like Nicolas Sparks movies like The Notebook and The Other Man.
It was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Sparks in particular, or do you want to read a similar romance novel?
The Notebook is a similar book to The Lucky One. It is also a romantic comedy.
A Walk to Remember was a drama. It was also made into a movie. I think you might like it.
You are welcome.
Sure, Jean-Marc Vallée starred in The Young Victoria, The Running Man, and The Secret Life of Walter Mitty. Do any of those sound interesting?
Well, it's a drama and a biography. I think you would like it for you.
Yes, it's about the Queen.
It stars Robert Duvall and James Coburn
Okay, ok, I'm not sure about that
Sure, have you see Grey's Anatomy?
Sure, will do.
Sure, Fast and the Furious is written by Gary Scott Thompson. Would you like more titles from him?
I recommend Fast and the Furious and Fast and the Furious.
Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and many more
You're welcome
Sure, World War Z was directed by Brad Pitt. Do you like Brad Pitt?
State of the Union is a pretty good one, if you like crime fiction.
I have not watched that movie. But I heard it was good. I am a fan of its creator, Frank Miller. Have you seen it?
He also starred in X-Men Apocalypse which he wrote.
I can't seem to find any other movies he acted in, however, he also starred in What's your number
My pleasure.
Do you like it because it is speculative fiction or because it is a science fiction?
You might like Zoe's Tale. It's a good one.
Yes. It's similar to The Sirens of Titan.
You're welcome!
Kyrie Living is an athlete
I didn't know that. He used to play for the New Orleans Pelicans as well.
I didn't know that! Anything else?
Yes I do. I like his song The Bodyguard. Do you like it?
Another one by Sam Smith is Wayside School Gets A Little Stranger.
Yes that is correct. I do know that Zola is a singer and songwriter as well.
They're okay, I'm more a fan of their former coach, Derek Fisher. Do you like them?
I didn't know that, are there any other teams you follow?
I have heard those names before. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he wrote American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either one of these?
It starred Nick Cassavetes and Jon Tenney.
Yes, it is. Would you like to know more about Warren Zie?
The Last Stand is a good one. Also written by Jefferies.
I haven't seen it. I don't know of any other movies he was in.
I don't know if he is in that movie, but he was also in The Seat Filler. Did you see that one?
Oh yeah. And yea, he's famous for starring in The Avengers. It's a science fiction film.
They are a really good basketball team, coached by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
Oh wow! That's a very interesting fact. I'm not a fan of basketball but I do know that he is from Philadelphia.
I didn't know Philidel is owned by a woman named Jada Pinkett Smith.
Oh, I didn't know that! That's interesting to know. I'm a huge fan of Jared Leto.
Madame Bovary is written by Gustave Flaubert. Its a romance novel.
Yes, it was released in 1856, which is the same year the romance novel The Return of the Native was released.
Well, if you like non-fiction genre, you'll like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
No problem, enjoy.
Ara Celi has starred in American Beauty. Have you seen this movie?
Kevin Spacey wrote it and she also starred in No Country for Old Men.
Kevin Spacey also wrote Beyond the Sea, have you seen it?
Yeah, she is. But, I like her. She lost to Sarena Wiliams.
Is she a bit poppy for me?
Good Deeds is probably one of her best romantic comedies.
Yes he directed The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sorry, i dont have that information
Sure, All The Money in the World was written by Jerry Bruckheimer and stars Vince Vaughn as well.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a popular one he was in.
Absolutely, Enjoy
I am not sure if Shakira has a new album but he did write Snatch which is a romance film. Do you like her?
Cameron Diaz and Yvonne Zima both starred in Love in the Time of Cholera.
It was the Whiting Writers' Award for Best Choreography.
I love James and the Giant Peach. Did you see it?
I do not have that information but if you like Coraline you might like Howl's Moving Castle. Have you seen it?
World War Z is a dark fantasy film. You might also like the movie Coraline.
Sure! Wicked City is a Speculative/Science Fiction film written and directed by Ron Howard.
Sure. Margaret Atwood has written many different books. Her most recent work is MaddAddam but she's also worked on a Graphic Novel by the name of Angel Catbird. What were you looking for?
Oh yes, he wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
He also wrote Year One
It was released in 2005
Enjoy!
you're welcome
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance or because it's a romance?
Yes, A Walk to Remember is a Romance novel by Nicolas Sparks to name a few.
The Choice is also a Romance Novel and The Wedding.
You're welcome!
Tom Quirk wrote Moby Dick which was released in 1851.
That's right. It was the same year The House of the Seven Gables was released.
Glad to help
He's a great children's author. Some of his classics are Are You My Mother and Go, Dog, Go.
Yes, it is a children's literature, similar to The Witch of Blackbird Pond by Elizabeth George Speare.
Yes he did and he also wrote Go, Dog, Go.
Sure, he wrote Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you read those?
Surviving Picasso is a Thriller/Fantasy genre
Sure, some other actors starred in Surviving Picasso include Michael Fassbender, Elina Alminas
Sure thing! He wrote The Sicilian, and The Last Don. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it is. Do you enjoy Romance novels?
Sure thing! You are welcome.
Danny Boyle wrote 127 Hours and directed Trance, Trainspotting, The Beach and Sunshine. Do you like his movies?
Trance, starring James Franco is a great actor. He was also in The Wool Cap, a TV series.
Probably it's a drama with a bit of drama.
Brad Pitt starred in Troy (Epic Film) Did you know he also starred in Troy (Epic Film)?
There is no information about that
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales are similar
Rosario Dawson was in that movie
your welcome
Captain America and Avengers are similar ones. Do you like such Action Fantasy movies?
He starred in Warriors, The Perfect Score, and The Nanny Diaries.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I like her. She is a great player. She won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Sure, Oldboy is a Thriller. Another example would be: Heist and Die Another Day
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
Robin Jarvis wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Have a great day!
Yes I can. He is the writer of Die Verwandlung.
The genre is warandlung
Mark Boal wrote it. If you like him and something similar to that I recommend The Hurt Locker and Detriot.
I think he is a great actor. Have you seen Take Chance? He also starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, Linus Roache is also in The Nanny Diaries.
Yes, Dougray Scott also starred in it as well.
Great, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Ian Fleming and Ian Fleming great writers.
Simón Andreu is the main star.
It was released in 2005.
Yes, it was.
your welcome
Tom Hanks wrote Cloud Atlas, and it starred Tom Hanks. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Aeon Flux is a great Sci-Fi movie. Tom Tykwer also directed it. Do you like Tom Tykwer?
Charlize Theron has been in Snow White and the Huntsman: Aeon Flux. This film starred Tom Hanks
You're welcome. Glad I could help
It is a great movie, just like The Burning Plain, it has genre Adventure
Taxi Driver is starring Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Then you might also like Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels.
The Passage and The Maze Runner are also good. You should check them out.
Great, enjoy!
Yes, that's a great movie. It's a Thriller. Do you like this genre?
Yes, he is very prolific. He wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller. Have you read it?
Yes, it was another great novel by Ken Follett, would you like me to add it to your favorites?
Sure, she wrote The Diary of a Young Girl. Do you like Biographies like that one?
Pretty Little Liars is an excellent one, that was also made into a movie.
Well it appears that it's related to the Diary of Anne Frank, I can also recommend The Diary of Anne Frank.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
That was a great movie! Do you like Star Wars, in general or some of the actors in it?
Scarlett Johansson starred in it, and she was also in Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith.
He was also in Hook Ya Crook, which is a drama.
Hope you enjoy it.
Chris Buck directed Surf's Up, a really cute Animated film.
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Return of the Native. Do you like that one?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons, which is a speculative fiction.
Yes, he is a great director. He directed several movies like This Means War and We Are Not So Smart. Have you seen either of them?
No, it is not a comedy, but it is starring Brad Pitt.
Haha. I don't know who directed Angelo Pizzo, but he did star in The Da Vinci Code.
I know that they're an NFC south team and i believe Lovey Smith is the coach
Ha ha! He's a linebacker now.
Have a great day!
I do not follow soccer much, but I do know that she is in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I love gymnastics especially the US Olympic teams throughout the years
The Washington Redskins, New York Giants, and New Orleans Saints, just to name a few.
Sure, Scream is a horror, do you like Horror films?
Yes. That is a Thriller.
You're welcome. Do you need anything else?
Have a good day.
Lana Wachowski who wrote and directed The Matrix starred in The Matrix Revisited.
The movie stars Natalie Portman and Rupert Graves.
It is a Science Fiction/ Thriller.
Yes, its written by Cornelia Funke and she also wrote Ink heart and Tintenblut. Do you like the writer or the genre of this book?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz. Would you like to know more about it?
Cinderella is a Thriller.
It starred suspense and horror. Do you enjoy those genres?
She was in The Skin Trade and The Lord of the Rings. Have you seen them?
It is a historical period drama produced by Naomi Watts. Similar to King Kong which is the sequel to King Kong.
You're welcome.
He wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. He is a singer-songwriter and an artist.
It's considered pop music and historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, she wrote, The Five Love Languages of Children, The Five Languages of Apology, and The 5 Languages of Appreciation in the Workplace.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information on him. However, he is a musician and a model.
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life. It's a Wonderful Life is written by Philip Van Doren Stern. what else can i do for you?
He is also an actor and wrote It's a Wonderful Life
I think it was released in 1987
He also wrote She's the Man and It's a Wonderful Life. They are both romance films.
She's a writer on Un di Velt Hot Geshvign. That's a mouthful!
I'm sorry I don't have that information
Great question, I do not have that information
Yes it does, in English though.
I don't have that information sorry
The film stars Jennifer Lawrence, Bradley Cooper and Christian Bale. It's a crime drama.
It's a crime comedy.
Hmmm. I don't have that information.
He also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate.
You're welcome.
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Do you like the Raiders? I think Mike Shanahan is a good coach.
I love tennis, I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. Do you like them?
Sure! How about The Mists of Avalon? It's a historical period drama.
Sure Easy was written by Tammara Webber, Do you like Fantasy Fiction?
Between the Lines is a good one. It's a romance novel that was released in 2012.
Sure! Tammara Webber wrote Where You Are, Easy and Breakable. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome. Do you need anything else?
Enjoy your book!
He directed Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen it?
I am not sure about that, but The Good German also starred Scarlett Johansson. He is a great actress.
She's been in The Good Doctor, which is a thriller. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Alan Moore wrote Watchmen which is a Fantasy. He also directed V for Vendetta. Do you want a particular genre?
V for Vendetta was released in 2008, it is a science fiction/thriller. Do you like science fiction?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights. Is this something you think you will be interesting in reading?
Yes, it's similar to Wuthering Heights. If you want to know more about this book, just let me know.
Great! Hope you enjoy it!
Yes Eye of the World was written by Robert Jordan and has genres Speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Of course, Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and When You Reach Me.
It was released in 2010 and the genre is historical fiction
You might like Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing.
You're welcome.
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. This book has genre young-adult fiction and Urban fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Twilight is written by Richelle Mead.
Vampire Academy is a Fantasy genre
You're welcome
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, have you read them?
Yes, Leo wrote it and he also wrote How the Grinch Stole Christmas. Are you a fan?
Yes, it is a historical period drama as well.
Yes, that is correct. Do you need any other information?
Great, have a wonderful day
Yes, Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps, Naked Gun 33 1/3: The Final Insult, and My Fellow Americans to name a few. Is there anything else I can help with?
That's correct! He certainly did. He also produced The Longest Yard too.
I'm not sure, but I know Adam Sandler is well known for his role in 50 First Dates.
Hello, yes Albus wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
She also wrote The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Cuckoo's Calling.
It is considered children's literature, and was released in 2000.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are two works of art written by him.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was released in 2001. It has a movie adaptation released in 2016 with the same name.
Yes. If you're into speculative fiction you should check out I'd highly recommend The Time Traveler's Wife.
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers and Traffic.
Traffic is an action packed romance film that was released in 1999.
Have you seen Scream 4. It is a crime drama with Michael O'Neill.
You're welcome.
He plays for a Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not a fan of soccer but I have heard of him. Do you know what sport do you like?
Wow! You are so welcome. Have a great day.
Also similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Fockers and Welcome to Mooseport.
It was released in 2004.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, Woody Allen wrote it. Do you like his movieS?
It's a romance thriller.
I also recommend Sully which is a mystery film as well.
Yes, that is a great mystery movie, would you like me to recommend other Mystery films?
Mansfield Park is written by Tony Tanner, do you want to know more about him?
Persuasion is written by Michael Connelly.
Persuasion was released in 1817.
Yes, it is a comedy starring Matthew McConaughey and Kevin Spacey.
I'm not sure about Lindsay Sloane, but it's a comedy.
That is a great movie! Kevin Spacey also starred in Robert De Niro which was a comedy.
He is a swiss professional tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I watch a lot about tennis but I don't follow enough to watch it. Who is your favorite player?
Actually, I don't watch tennis much, but I do know that it is very engaging, would you like to know who starred in it?
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
The Sword in the Stone and The Looking Glass Wars are also written by Cornelia Funke
I haven't read any of them but I do know that Cornelia Funke wrote The Giving Tree and A Light In The Attic.
Im not sure about him, biut Gary Mottola directed Adventureland starring Martin Scorsese
The River is a drama/fantasy book. Do you like drama?
X-Men 2 is a great one. Have you seen it?
Enjoy!
Real Steel is a great movie he directed. Real Steel is starring Hugh Jackman. What genre do you like?
I don't have that information. However if you like that one you should check out The Lying Game. It was really good.
I don't have that information, but Evangeline Lilly produced that movie.
Did you like it because it was a mystery or a crime fiction?
If you like Crime Fiction you may want to check out The Longest Ride or The Usual Suspects.
No problem, enjoy
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a great one
He and his brother, John Rooney, both play soccer, right?
Yes they do
Well Alice Walker was influenced by Quentin Tarantino. Are you a fan of hers?
He has written The Temple of My Familiar, and The Portable Atheist.
Can you help with anything else?
He is the player in Barcelona?
No I didn't know that. What genre do you like?
Nice! Andreu was also in the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final.
Yes he was a midfielder and he was also a Forward as well.
Yes it was written by Patrick Rothfuss great author.
Well, Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind.
It's a fantasy novel.
Your welcome
I know that it was written by Kiera Cass
The Siren has genre Thriller, Sci-Fi, and Horror. Do you like those genres?
If you liked that Zodiac, you might enjoy The Giver. It was a good one.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
He's a great pianist. Do you like music?
Sure, do you prefer Biographical movies or just Dramas in general?
There is a lot of action in that genre, including The Social Network.
It was released in 2010 and directed by Aaron Sorkin.
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. You might like The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy.
The genre is Treasure Island and was released in 1882.
Great. I think you will enjoy this book.
Sure, you will like The Art of Loving as well.
I did not, but I saw it. It was a good movie, written by Stieg Larsson.
He is also in My Best Friend's Girl and Gone with the Wind.
That is correct.
You are welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one. It is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
She also wrote the Sea of Monsters by the same author.
It was released in 1982.
You're welcome
Sure, Aladdin was written by Christopher Nolan and he also wrote The Pillars of the Earth. Do you like the writer or genre?
Sure. You might also like The Princess and the Frog or Treasure Planet.
It came out in 2013. It's also popular in the Children's literature genre, so I think you might like it.
You're welcome.
Hemingway also wrote To Have and Have Not, And he also wrote, In our Time.
There are so many great short stories by Hemingway.
It was released in 1926, the same year that Way Station was released.
No problem!
You're welcome.
I know he is a quarterback from Texas other than that...
Well, I know that Drew Brees won the NFL Offensive Player of the Year award.
Yes, I like him a lot. I like Caddyshack a lot.
Isn't Young Buck written by John Lennon?
Could you recommend anything by Maurice Sendak?
I don't have any more information on that movie, but I can give you other movies starring it.
It is a Mystery, Romance genre. Do you like these genres?
A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis.
It was released in 1945
That is also a great book! He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Silver Chair and The Great Gatsby. Have you read either of these?
Will do!
certainly! Mr. Copley is a South African actor knows for roles in such films as The A-Team and Maleficent.
Yes, isn't Mike Woodson their coach?
Oh no, I haven't. Are you a fan of football or basketball?
What kind of season are you interested in? There are a few football teams that are fun to watch, like the Washington Redskins and the Seattle Seahawks?
He wrote Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, which was turned into a film.
This book was published in 1997.
You're welcome.
Great!
Are you a fan of the author John Scalzi?
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
He sure did! He also wrote Paper Towns, and Looking for Alaska.
You're welcome.
I think he is a good football player, do you like him?
Isn't he on that team? I don't like football.
Yes, it was a great movie!
I would have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango. It was written by John Logan
Well, Gore Verbinski directed Rango, which is a western starring Katharine McPhee.
You're welcome!
It was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is a horror film.
I'm not sure, but I can recommend other dramas.
Memento stars Ethan Hawke and Hugh Jackman
Thomas Lennon starred in The Tenant of Wildfell Hall which is a very good movie
Enjoy!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
Yes, it is considered speculative fiction.
Some other books in the Fantasy genre include The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass, and The Wonderful Wizard of Oz.
Yes, she wrote The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, and The Sea of Monsters.
Yes, The Secret Life of Bees by L. Frank Baum is another great one. It is a romance novel.
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Cate Blanchett is the latest movie. It was released in 2017.
The Holiday was released in 2006 and is a drama-drama.
It is a Romance/Comedy.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a good thriller movie. Aside from being a writer, she is also a screenwriter as well.
yes she starred in The Pillars of the Earth also.
WALLE is a great children's movie, written by Aldous Huxley.
He also wrote X-Men: Days of Future Past. Do you like science fiction?
Sure. It's an excellent sci-fi action movie. If you like sci-fi, you might also like Zombieland.
Yes. The Union is a great movie. It's a sci-fi, adventure, and adventure film.
Oprah Winfrey was in Wolverine. You would love it.
Yes- the union was released in 2008.
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction genre, Have you read any of her works?
Also written by Sarah Dessen and is also considered young adult fiction. You might also like What Happens in Vegas or The Truth About Forever.
Of course, another one you might like is The Truman Show. It was also turned into a movie.
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
It's considered children's literature but is also considered children's literature.
It was written by Katherine Paterson. It's also a children's book.
I have not seen it but I know it is a historical drama starring George Clooney. Do you like that genre?
Ocean's Twelve stars George Nolfi and Brad Pitt.
Great! I hope you enjoy the movie!
Robert Lewandowski is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and the Poland national team.
I am a huge fan. I like football. What about you?
SC Freiburg is a great player. Is there anything else I can help you with?
He has starred in several movies such as Nixon and Mr. 3000.
Yes, he is a screenwriter who wrote Harry Potter and The Cursed Child.
It is considered children's literature. Another one you might enjoy is The Cursed Child, Parts One and Two. It was released in 2016.
He is. He was also in The Casual Vacancy. Have you seen it?
Sure, I hope you enjoy them!
She wrote Snow Flower and The Secret Fan
It's a fiction Novel and the genre is fiction
I am not familiar with Snow Flower but I can tell you that it was released in 2005 and is a Drama/Comedy.
Anytime! Anything else I can help you with?
Do you like movies produced by Quentin Tarantino?
So you must enjoy action films. Perhaps you would also like Hobo with a Shotgun
It stars Robert Rodriguez and Quentin Tarantino. It is a great comedy.
Sure, this book is written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2006.
Sure, Syeig Larsson wrote The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl In The Spider's Web.
Yes it was released in 2005 and was the year that released The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.
You're welcome.
Enjoy your day!
Oh yes, he is a very talented actor. He starred in a few movies including Wicked, Tusk, The Assassination of Jesse Jame, and The Green Mile. Have you heard of any of those?
Wicked is a Thriller and also starred Jessica Pare. It is a Drama/Thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome! Enjoy.
Sure, Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and he also wrote The Sum of All Fears.
Yes, it's a great book, I think you should give it a try.
Great, enjoy!
He is an excellent basketball player, a point guard, and a point guard. Are you interested in basketball?
He was on Dancing with the Stars. Don't you agree?
It's funny because I don't like Ghostbusters. Do you like any other genres?
Yes he did. Dan Aykroyd was the writer of the movie. He was great in it!
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls written by John Pogue have you seen it?
Yes, Vin Diesel stars in The Fast and the Furious and was written by Gary Scott Thompson.
That's a great film. He also starred in The Chronicles of Riddick and Fast Five.
No problem!
He's written Travels with Charley: In Search of America, Tortilla Flat, The Winter of our Discontent and many more. Have you read any of these?
Yes, he's a great writer. He wrote What Lies Beneath as well. It has genres Romance and Fiction. Are you a fan?
Yes he did
No its a very good movie
I do too. They're in the National Football League and within the National Football Conference.
I'm a NY Giants fan so I'm not sure who it's a good quarter back but I do know that they're in the AFC South division.
I would like to watch the sci-fi movies. There's a lot of action in them as well.
Sure! Do you like Fiction? You may want to check out The First Man in Rome or Lost Souls.
You're correct. Circling the Sun was released in 2015, the same year that Circling the Sun was released.
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
That movie is a Psycho-Thriller, do you like that genre?
Eraserhead is starring Tom Clancy. what else can i answer for you?
The genre is thriller. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars is a popular one that he directed.
Yes, it is! It is a great movie starring Shailene Woodley.
It's a young-adult fiction.
You are welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is written by Terry George who also wrote Hart's War
It was written by Nelson DeMille who also wrote All the Real Girls.
Yes it is. We Were Soldiers is a war movie starring Dennis Hopper.
Great. Enjoy!
Sure! Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Do you like like drama or crime fiction better?
It was released in 2011. Do you like Romance Novels?
2011. I don't see any other books released that year.
Sure, The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Norton Juster. Have you heard of him?
Sure, Peter Cushing starred in The Man in the Iron Mask and Tales from the Crypt as well as many others. Would you like me to continue?
OK. He starred in The Sixth Sense and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you seen those?
Rick Riordan wrote the Revenge of Frankenstein.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Peter Gallagher starred in The O.C. which also starred Tate Donovan. Did you like the genre of this movie?
While You Were Sleeping stars Sandra Bullock and Bill Pullman. Do you like these actors?
Collateral Damage is written by Richard Dawkins, who also wrote Non-Fiction.
Great, I hope you enjoy!
I sure do. He starred in The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man, to name a couple.
I don't know if it is, but Yaphet Kotto is also in The Thomas Crown Affair.
Some other action movies you might like are World War Z and Cloverfield
You are very welcome, please enjoy
I know Hush Hush is an actor who starred in the movie The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
Have you read Silence or Hush & Hush? They are very good books.
You might also like the hit book The Perks of Being a Wallflower written by Elizabeth George Speare. Have you read this one?
You might also like the book The Witch of Blackbird Pond by Elizabeth George Speare, it is an amazing read.
It was written by Jeannette Walls.
She is the author of The Glass Castle. She also wrote Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel
It is a memoir about a trip she made to Italy
Enjoy
Yes, John Carpenter directed The Pelican Brief and If You Take a Mouse to the Movies
Yes, he did. Escape from New York is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, you are correct. He also starred in Danny DeVito. It's a horror film.
Rhonda Byrne wrote the Secret, the power, the magic
My apologies. I do not have any similar authors but I do know that Sean Byrne wrote The Secret. Do you like comics?
He wrote The Secret, which was released in 2008.
He starred in Your Friend the Rat, Warriors of the 21st Century and WALL-E. Are you interested in any of those?
Your Friend the Rat stars Patton Oswalt as Remy, the rat. It was released in 2007.
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that it is a animated short.
You're welcome
I have not read it yet, but I know it was written by Maurice Sendak in 1963.
The New World is a family friendly film and so is The Golden Compass.
Enjoy!
Still Alice is in the Speculative Fiction genre and stars Tom Hanks. Are you familiar with him?
Did you know that he is also a musician?
Great! I hope you enjoy!
Could you recommend anything else for you?
Sure! He wrote the books, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, The Red House and a A Spot of Bother. The first book has a genre Mystery.
Yes, it was adapted into a film. Have you seen it?
Yes he did, The Messenger was a drama and action film. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Sure. He starred in Zookeeper and Here Comes the Boom. Is there a specific genre you prefer?
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. That was a romantic comedy.
I don't know about that, but Kevin James also starred in The Cabin in the Woods.
Once Upon a Time in the West was wrote by Sergio Leon. He also wrote The Good, The Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that before?
Witches Abroad and Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels are similar.
Nightcrawler stars Scott Adsit and Danny DeVito. Would you like to know more about it?
I hope you enjoy it!
I know a little about him, he's a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers and the Brothers Grimm. Do you like him?
It was released in 2003
Casper Van Dien, and Michael York where the main stars in it.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
It is an excellent movie starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen.
I think you might like The Manchurian Candidate then. It's also written by Michael Lewis.
Yes! Money Ball is produced by Roland Emmerich and is in the drama genre.
Yes its written by Cassandra Clare.
The Iron Trial, The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Glass, The Iron Trial, Clockwork Princess and more. Have you read any of these?
Then you'll like Clockwork Angel and Shadowhunter's Codex twice in the series.
No problem, enjoy.
Yes, he directed Children of Men which was released in 1980.
Yes, he did and that was released in 1999.
I'm not sure about that but I can tell you other movies he directed.
You're welcome!
Yes, Mere Christianity a  novel written by C. S. Lewis in 1952.
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The magicians Nephew and The Horse and His Boy.
You're welcome.
He wrote Yellow Submarine. I love that song!
Oh yes, i love the song Yellow Submarine. Did you know that?
Yes, he is good. I liked the way he won the 2009 PGA Championship.
Oh yes, I love the song Yellow Submarine! I just couldn't find out the songs in the playlist.
Great Laurie Halse Anderson is an American writer, known for children's and young adult novels. She received the Margaret A. Edwards Award from the American Library Association in 2010 for her contribution to young adult literature
Wintergirls is a Crime Fiction.
Sure, enjoy the book!
Yes, I do! She composed You da One and Watch n' Learn.
Oh, cool. Did you know that she has a romatic relationship with Chris Brown?
It is a great movie. Battleship is a comedy.
He starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
You may want to try Better Luck Tomorrow. It is a very good movie.
It's a romantic comedy. It also stars Steve Buscemi and Ben Stiller.
Enjoy!
It is written by Suzanne Collins and a Young-adult fiction. Do you like this author?
I would recommend Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters. They are both great books.
That is correct.
He is a actor. He starred in Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
Yes, he did. He is very talented. He directed a number of films like Little Miss Sunshine.
Nope. He also directed Little Miss Sunshine which is an animated film.
I think it is okay. She is a very talented actress.
You're welcome, enjoy!
True Believer is a book written by Nicholas Sparks. It was released in 1595. Do you like books by Nicholas Sparks?
Romance Novels. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it was made into a movie. It's a coming of age, based on a book by William Shakespeare.
How about The Silence of the Lambs? It is also a good one.
The Matrix Revolution was directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you might like?
Well, he starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Reloaded.
He's been in so many great films, including Invasion, The Rock and The Devil's Advocate.
He has starred in The Minority Report, as well as The Manchurian Candidate.
Tim Robbins was the director of Mystic River.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he directed The Mechanic. It was directed by Simon West.
Yes, I like that movie too. Do you like it because it is a comedy?
X-Men 2 is another great one
You are welcome
No problem, enjoy!
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
No, I haven't. Did you know that The Light Between Oceans was released in 2013?
Sure, he also directed and produced The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Are you a fan of his?
Great! You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
It's a romantic comedy starring Daphne du Maurier.
It came out in 1937.
No problem!
I do not really my most hated team. But I do know that they just fired their head coach Mike McCarthy tonight because he did not get a long with Aaron rodgers the QB and he did not make the playoffs do you like them?
If you like the steelers and the broncos, they were runner up in super bowl II.
i have heard of him. do you like football?
He is a good coach. have you ever seen a game live in person before?
That is true, they were the runner ups in Super Bowl XXXII.
Yes, I am a fan! I think he is one of the best singers. Do you like him as well?
Sure, it's a romantic comedy. If you like romantic comedies, you might also enjoy Friends with Benefits.
Sure, Virginia Woolf, and Emilio Estevez starred in it.
I really like when she and Seth Meyers (Late Night with Seth Meyers) went day drinking? Have you seen that clip?
American Idol has genre Music and I love music. Do you like either of those genres?
I don't have that information either. I do know Jerry Maguire starred in the movie. He is a great actor.
Oh yes, I love her! She is a voice actor in that TV show.
Sure, Rudy is in the genre of Thriller, or because it is an adventure film. Do you like movies starring Joseph Sikora?
Sure. The Watcher is a thriller starring Dennis Lehane, who also starred in Thick as Thieves. Do you like his movies?
It does. Leonardo Dicaprio is also in The Curse of the Jade Scorpion, which is another Thriller.
You're welcome!
Frances Mayes wrote The Secret Garden and A Little Princess, have you read them?
Vanessa Redgrave, State of the Union are some of her poets. Are you interested in any other genre?
Can I help you with anything else?
Definitely! Station Eleven is written by Emily St. John Mandel in 2014. I do not have information on it's genre, but I do know that it was released the same year as Wicked.
Yes, Toni Morrison wrote the book turned Movie Beloved.
Romance Novel
You might like Xenocide or Wuthering Heights
It was written by Quentin Tarantino.
No problem
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Michael Biehn, Peter Scolari and Nona Gaye starred in Downfall.
You're very welcome!
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo. Finding Nemo is a family genre. Do you enjoy family genre movies?
Yes, Jeff Garlin also starred in The Warrior as well. It is a Sci-Fi movie.
Yes, Jeff Garlin was in the lead role. He also starred in the movie A Bug's Life.
Yes. Are you interested in genre like the Jazz Age or The American Dream? Another book by author F. Scott Fitzgerald is Tender Is The Night.
Have you read "The Crucible" by Christopher Bigsby?
Well, in fact, Harald Kloser wrote The Great Gatsby, and also The Romeo and Juliet, to name a few.
You are very welcome!
He's a great actor. He starred in Playing for Keeps and Olympus has Fallen.
It's a romantic comedy. Did you know it was also turned into a movie?
It was released in 1999.
Sure. Playing for Keeps.
I never watch that movie, but I know it was written by Martin McDonagh, what do you know about it?
It also starred Virginia Madsen and was released in 2003.
Yes, he did and that was a great movie.
You're welcome.
Sure. He directed American Pie, which is produced by Chris Moore
He also directed the comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
Yes, the Lady in the Water is a good one! Chris Weitz also directed American Pie.
Yes, he's one of my favorites! He directed The Godfather. Are you familiar with that one?
Yes, I would. It's a great speculative fiction book written by Charles Dickens.
Yes, I would recommend The Nightingale if you like other works by her.
It is a drama starring Matt Damon, Josh Brolin, Jeff Bridges and Leonardo DiCaprio to name a few.
I think he is a good tennis player but I like Andy Murray better.
I think you may like him as an actor as well. He starred in The Expendables 2.
You're welcome.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
Yes, he also wrote A Good Day to Die Hard. Have you seen it yet?
Of course! How the Grinch Stole Christmas is written by James Dashner?
Yes he did and it was released in 1957. Did you know that Theodore Lesieg also wrote White Oleander?
Yes, The Sneetches and Other Stories is also a children's literature written by Theodore Lesieg.
Great. Glad I could help.
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
She is also in The Longest Ride and The Longest Ride.
You should watch it. It is a science fiction film that also stars Kate Benoist.
Yes, it is a Romance movie as well.
Yes, I have seen Faster and Men of Honor!
You're welcome
I do enjoy the Lakers. They are a professional basketball team in California. Do you have a favorite team?
I always enjoyed Laker. My favorite team is the Lakers. Have you seen him in any movies?
I agree. The Los Angeles Lakers have a lot of good players.
Larissa wrote асска и овести, рат овести, and ес.
I do not have that information but he wrote books in a language I cannot translate.
No problem, I am glad to help.
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
Then you might like Beautiful Creatures or A Time to Kill.
It is written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
No problem, enjoy!
I don't know much about them. Are they or owned by Dwight Schar and Daniel Snyder?
I don't know much about him, but I do know that he is a good player.
Oh wow! That's a good one. I didn't know that. What sport do you like?
Yes, she wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail.
She also wrote Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar
Your welcome
Sure, it is written by the great by J.K. Rowling. What can I tell you about it?
I recommend The Cuckoo's Calling and The Silkworm. Both are great books!
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
Any time! Enjoy!
I liked him in The Matrix and The Human Stain, have you seen them?
Yes it is. It is on Netflix. Have you seen it?
Yes it is. Do you like it because it is a comedy?
Did you like the book because it was written by Jean-Marc Vallee or because it is a Fantasy?
Yes, that seems to be a good question. Some similar books are Little House on the Prairie and Little House on the Prairie
Yes indeed. You should give them a try.
Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
I didn't know that. What genre is that? Aside from being a great actress, she also starred in Scarface.
I didn't know that. That's not bad, but I seen her on American Idol.
I don't think so. The Lost Symbol is written by Dan Brown. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, he has worked with them too. Would you like to know more about Tom Hanks?
Yes, he did. Ron Howard also wrote Inferno, it is a thriller.
He wrote Inferno and The Da Vinci Code. Both are excellent movies.
I have other Dramas like The Da Vinci Code and The Lost Symbol.
Enjoy
Yes, I do! X-Men: First Class is one of my favorite movies.
It's a Thriller.
You might like Fantastic Mr. Fox or Rushmore.
Yes, I like Robert Downey Jr., he starred in X-Men: First Class. I think you'll enjoy it!
He wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It is a Feminist perspective
He also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully in 1891
Rick Yancey wrote The Monstrumologist,The Last Star, The Infinite Sea.Are you interested in Young-adult fiction?
He has written three books: The Road to El Dorado, The Titan's Curse and The Son of Sobek.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, it is a Thriller. Do you like Horror movies?
I sure do. He was in Paper Towns and What's Up. Have you seen them?
I will have to check it out!
Gone with the Wind is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Okay, then I recommend World Without End, Wolf Brother or Wildwood Dancing.
The Untouchables is starring Steve Carell and was written by Ernest Hemingway.
You're welcome.
That was written by Nicholas Sparks and made into a movie starring Miley Cyrus. Do you like movies by Sparks?
Two By Two is written by Nicholas Sparks. Have you read it?
OK, The Notebook is another good one.
Yes! They are a Korean boy band from Seoul that sing pop music, k-pop, and contemporary R&B.
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
My apologies. Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart which is a fantasy film.
Your welcome.
Did you like the Hangover Part II because it was a comedy?
Its a mystery about a young man who is suddenly able to speak to the death.
No problem
Hello, yes Albus wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
The book has a genre of Speculative Fiction, Biography, and Action. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know she starred in Hook Ya Crook. Are you familiar with her?
That is true, do you like soccer?
He starred in Hook Ya Crook, which is a romantic comedy.
Sure. Tracy Chevalier wrote the black comedy book Falling Angels. Does that sound interesting to you?
I believe it was published in 1997.
You are welcome.
Do you like the author Roald Dahl?
If you like children's literature, you should try The Sparrow. It is more of a Children's literature that I highly recommend.
I don't see any information on that, but I can find some more information on the book.
Enjoy!
Yes, they are one of the best football teams in the Premier League.
I love his writing! He wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Do you enjoy detective or mystery type novels and movies?
It was directed by Matt Reeves. Do you like this type of movie?
Sure, Stan Lee also starred in The Incredible Hulk and The Skull
Sure, Stan Lee also starred in Iron Man 3 and also he starred in The Incredible Hulk.
Absolutely, enjoy!
This movie is a romance film, do you want to know more about this movie?
Jon Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman
He directed The Wolfman and Jurassic Park III right?
They are also good. You might like The Warrior's Way, or Man of Steel to name a few.
Yes he did. He starred in The Perfect Score.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
She also wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places.
I believe it was adapted into a movie. The book was written by John Green
It was released in 2015.
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Cold Blood is a Drama/Fiction novel. Do you like Drama?
Did you like it because it was a sci-fi or because it was a comedy?
It's a great movie! It stars Steven Spielberg and James Franco. Do you like them?
It was directed by Steven Spielberg. Are you a Spielberg fan?
You're welcome.
I can't think of any of his books. Is there anything I can help you with?
Yes, it's a vampire series. Do you like vampire movies?
I didn't know that. It's part of a series after the Twilight series. Do you like books by Stephanie?
You're very welcome!
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
It is about a psychological thriller starring Tom Hardy, who is also a good actor
You're welcome
Sure. Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
Its a drama about an impossible friendship between a human and an extraterrestrian who should be enemies.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Enjoy
He's a golfer. Do you like gold?
I didn't know much about Golf, but I remember Adam Sandler was in the movie. Do you like Golf?
She's starred in a lot of movies. Would you like to know about any other movies she stars in?
Sure, she starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
Shaun Evans and Damian Lewis were the main actors.
I believe it was a drama, but I don't have any more information on the genre
The 5th Wave is an adventure film starring Rick Yancey. Do you like this genre?
The Last Star was released that year. It's genre is science fiction. Are you interested in watching it?
He also wrote the Invasion and The Last Star.
Sure! You might like The Monstrumologist, The Last Star, or The Infinite Sea.
No problem! Enjoy.
She's a bit poppy for me. Wasn't she in Valentine's Day and the cartoon The Lorax?
She was also in Valentine's day with John Lennon to name a few. She is a great singer as well.
I've never seen she was in a comedy role in it, though. Do you like her music?
I do! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Turbo. The Proposal was a great movie too.
No I haven't. Can you tell me more about it?
Ted is a great comedy movie. Would you like me to recommend other comedies?
I hope you enjoy the movie.
Yeah, he starred in Men in Black 3 and he is a good singer.
I like the song Love Yourself, would you like to hear it?
That's a good one too. Would you like me to play it for you?
That was a great movie! Do you like Star Wars, in general or some of the actors in it?
Yes, he was. He was also in The Dark Knight
He was also in Wonderland
Jack and Jill, Bedtime stories, grown ups. Adam Sandler movies are all awesome
Grown up and the movie was directed by Steve Oedekerk
Yes i believe so
You are welcome
Victor Hugo is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for French club Paris Saint-Germain
It was released in 1599 and was also made into a movie.
It is considered a Gothic Fiction book.
Great. Another good Romance novel you might like is Zoe's Tale.
No problem. Enjoy!
He wrote There Will Be Blood starring Paul F. Tompkins.
I am not a big fan of her, but I like the song You Lost Me. Do you like her?
Yeah , Rhythm and Blues and Blues are some of his songs. Do you have any favorite genre?
No, if you like Coldplay, you might like X-Men Apocalypse or Metallica.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Peter and Paul is a romantic drama. He also stars in Percy Jackson and the Olympians.
Sure, that's a great choice. Tom Everett and Eddie Murphy starred in it as well. It's a drama.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The are a pretty good team. Do you follow football much?
They are in the AFC South division. Are you a fan of them?
I really do not know much about them, they're coached by Gary Kubiak.
Yes I do. He is a very talented basketball player.
I don't follow them too much this year. Who is their coach?
It was a great movie with Love in the Time of Cholera, Who's your favorite?
Yes that was written by William Shakespeare. If you like his work I can make some recommendations for you.
My data is not showing the exact date but I do know that the book was released long ago- in 1600
Ok enjoy your reading!
Yes. She is a Romanian professional tennis player. She is the current world No. 1 on the WTA Tour.
I do not know Venus or Serena Williams that just beat them. Do you like tennis?
Yes, Venus has lost a lot of matches against her sister Serena but not as good as Serena.
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
No, he did not coached any other teams as well.
It was Super Bowl XIX so it's a pretty old one.
Yes, I like him, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
It was released in 1886 by Vladimir Nabokov.
It was considered a psychological thriller.
You may like the Skulls by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Stephenie Meyer is a great actor.
I'll have to check out the first one.
Yes, there is a movie based on Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone that was directed by Chris Columbus who also directed Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
The movie was directed by Steve Oedekerk, who also directed Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote it. The book was released in 1981.
Its a suspense book released in 1981.
No problem.
Well, it was written by Fountainhead.
She also wrote We the Living. Have you heard of that one?
Your welcome. Glad I could help.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
The Passage, The Invisible Man, The House of Mirth are also great books by Bram Stoker. Do any of those sound interesting?
The Girl Next Door was written by Stephen King. Would you like more recommendations?
He also wrote Monsters University, which starred Stephen King
She wrote The Secret Garden, Little Lord Fauntleroy, and A Little Princess. What kind of books do you like?
Under the Tuscan Sun is a Romance Novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're very welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like the movie because it is a fiction?
Yes she did and also wrote Go Set a Watchman
Your welcome
She also wrote Go Set a Watchman which was released in 2015
Yes, it is a very good movie starring Al Pacino. Do you enjoy crime fiction movies?
I have not, but I know it was written by Robert De Niro and starred Al Pacino.
I see, I like him too. You should check it out!
I don't have any information on Michael Byrne if you like Michael Byrne. He was in a star in The Godfather Part II.
I am not sure, but I know it also stars Steve Buscemi and Carrie Fisher.
Great!
Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
Beowulf is considered a Romeo and Juliet and a Midsummer Night's Dream. Do you like them?
It is written in English and is also a play.
Yes. He starred in The Terminator and The Order. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, he starred in The Terminator and The Order. Do you like action films?
Sure, Lionheart is an action film and also starred James Cameron.
Woody Harrelson, Jesse Jame and Vin Diesel also starred in the movie.
William Hurt, James Cromwell also starred in The Lord of the Rings.
You are most welcome.
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
Six Shooter was starring Jason Statham and Josh Brolin.
Seven Psychopaths is an action film. Do you like that genre?
I agree. James Harden was great in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I watch a lot of basketball but I don't really follow it. I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Wilson Chandler that was a great shooting guard for the Houston Rockets. I think Willie Green is an excellent choice.
Would you wish me to recommend something in relation to Heroic Fantasy?
Sure, Alien is a series and Ridley Scott Directed the first. There are a few Alien movies. Have you seen them all?
Yes he is, he directed the movie Men In Black. It's a thriller and fantasy. Do you like that genre
I don't see anything by Walter Hill Produced but I can give you more information about the film if you like.
Sure! Anything else I can help you with?
Released in 2013, The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion. Does the name sound familiar?
Yes, she also wrote this book. Are you a fan of The Rosie Effect?
No, same year The Rosie Effect was released.
He wrote the Movie Olympus Has Fallen and Brooklyn's Finest.
Robert De Niro was also in Olympus. He also starred in Rear Window which is a great movie.
He has produced several movies like Summer of Sam, The Talented Mr. Ripley and The Invisible Man.
John Cusack is the writer of War films. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
It was a good movie. He was also in Friends with Benefits.
I believe he is a friend with Will Smith, but I don't know what kind of movie he's friends with.
Sure, do you like books by J. D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
Harper Lee was the author of To Kill a Mockingbird. Would you like to know more about the book?
Yes, Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman and the Emperors Cool Clothes.
You're very welcome!
It was written by Cassandra Clare. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes it was written by her as well.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
It's a great baseball team but I'm not a fan. I prefer the Boston Red Sox. Do you like the Yankees?
That's right, he also owns the Boston Red Sox.
I'm not sure about that, I can tell you that The New York Yankees have a similar battle with that.
Agreed! Michael Jackson was a very good athlete.
Yes, Tiny Tim is a Folk rocker who also won the World Series.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
What do you think of the badminton? I've always enjoyed the 2012 summer olympics.
Ok, I'll have to check it out. I don't like westerns, but I do know that he is an athlete that plays for them.
Yes, it is a very good movie! It was written by Rick Riordan, starring Al Pacino. Do you like any of his movies?
The Amazing Spider-Man starred Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield. It is a science fiction film. Do you like fiction?
The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man 2 are written by him.
Yes, it is a fantasy, do you like that genre?
ok
Gillian Flynn wrote What Do You Do and Sharp Objects.
It is a non fiction book
Yes, if you like mystery books, i recommend Sharp Objects.
Your welcome
He wrote The Great Dune Trilogy
Have you heard of What Lies Beneath? It's similar to Wild Hogs.
Sorry I don't have that information, but Frank Herbert wrote the book.
Sure, enjoy the book!
Did you like it because it was a Mystery movie?
Did you like it because it was written by James Patterson, or because it is also a Family Comedy?
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Yes, The Eye if the World written by Robert Jordan has genres Speculative fiction and fantasy. Are you into that genre?
It is a great movie. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz. Have you seen those?
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
You're so welcome!
Do you like the romance aspect of Little Miss Sunshine?
It was released in 2005 and directed by David Ayer. It is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome!
I saw the movie, but I haven't read the book. That was written by Sara Gruen. Have you read it?
No, I haven't. Do you like the book because of its fantasy genre?
Yes, I think it is also a good book.
I will have to check it out.
Do you need any other information?
OK, have a good day!
Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. It has very good reviews and is considered a favorite for some.
I don't know if Jamie McGuire is a fan, but Jamie McGuireuire wrote Beautiful Oblivion which was also released in 2014.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino.
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland
She was in Walk the Line and Self/less. Do those sound interesting to you?
Tyler Hinton was also in that movie. Do you like him?
OK, but I don't have any information on that one.
He is! He wrote The Crossing and The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read those?
Definitely, it is my favorite soccer team! My brother likes Chelsea, we always fight about it.
Not really. I am more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. What about you?
I am more of a Lakers fan. When does he play for the San Diego Chargers?
Jake Gyllenhaal is a writer and director. Some of his latest works include Thriller and Enchanted. Have you heard of those?
It was released in 2002.
It also stars Michael Fassbender, who is quite good.
You're welcome! Have a good day!
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. It's a good book. you should like it.
Well, The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy novel
Yes, it is. Another book in the series is The Looking Glass Wars.
It was released in 2004.
Yes, she wrote The Mists of Avalon which is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
The Mists of Avalon is a fantasy novel, do you like fantasy novels?
The author is Philip Pullman. This book was released in 1982 and is part of the series The Shadowhunter's Code.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy that!
Yes, John Ratzenberger wrote The Devil Wears Prada.
What If You Do is a romantic comedy and also starred Charlize Theron. The Rat is a great movie!
It is considered a Romance and Historical Fiction.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure. I can tell you that Jamie Lee Curtis wrote Her Eyes Were Watching God. It is a speculative fiction novel. Are you interested in that genre?
Yes, it is a comedy-drama.
Anytime!
I haven't seen it but I know it was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Sure, he also wrote The Big Lebowski.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You are very welcome.
He was in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed, and She's Come Undone
Yes, it was released in 2007.
Yes it is. Do you like Wicked Appetite because it's a comedy?
I'm not a fan of his. I only know that he is a singer, songwriter and musician.
I know that he wrote The Lorax, which is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he was. He was also in it as well. The genre is a drama. Do you like drama?
Denis Leary is an actor similar to Leo Tolstoy.
He was in the movies The Incredibles and The Dark Knight Rises
Sure, he also starred in The Dark Knight Rises, I recommend that you watch it
Lukas Haas In the movie is a popular movie, have you seen it?
They both starred in the movie Whalbergberg.
No problem
Yes, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is written by Stephen King. It is in the Speculative fiction genre.
The Silver Chair is also written by C.S. Lewis. Have you heard of it?
The Silver Chair is a fantasy as well as The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion is a series. The books are actually made into movies.
Sure! He directed Elysium and District 9, both great movies. District 9 is an Indie Film that blew it out of the park, have you seen it?
Yes it is, you should check it out. It's a thriller.
Yes, she was. She was also in House Bunny.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes! She was in Call Me Maybe and Call Me Maybe. Have you seen those?
I have several songs like Call Me Maybe, Zoe's Tale, X-Men, and Underworld.
You're welcome.
He is a soccer player for Manchester United F.C. and he plays for Manchester United F.C.
Pep Guardiola and Jupp Heynckes are some of the players on that team.
I believe he is from Guadalajara, Mexico and he was actually born on June 1st, 1988.
Bobby Farrelly directed Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly. Would you like more information about this?
If you like comedy films, you might enjoy Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. It was directed by Bobby Farrelly.
Jim Carrey also starred in There's Something About Mary. It should give it a try.
You're welcome.
Yes he plays basketball. He is a point guard for the Chicago Bulls.
Well, he plays a point guard for the Chicago Bears.
How are they doing this year?
Sure! Lois Lowry wrote it, and it was written by Lois Lowry.
Yes, she is. Do you like her as well? She also wrote What the Dog Saw and Other Adventures.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote The Twits, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He wrote The Twits, The Witches and The BFG.
Well, if you like fantasty, you'll like The Twits. It's also a book by Quentin Blake.
It was released in 2007. Would you like to know more about this book?
No problem!
This book is by the popular author John Green, who writes young adult fiction. You might also like The Fault in Our Stars.
The Fault in Our Stars has genre Young-adult fiction.
Absolutely!
I'm not positive it's similar but Ashes to Ashes is in the same genre and is an action movie like The Firm.
It's an action film. If you like those genres, I highly recommend it.
You are very welcome!
Sure. He wrote Island and Brave New World. Are you familiar with either of those?
Yes, The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell was released 1956. 1956 was the year that released The Last Battle
That's right! The Last Battle was released in 1956. Would you like to know more about it?
You're very welcome! I hope you enjoy!
I know he wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Sure, he also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. He also wrote Toy Story as well.
He also wrote The Grand Design and The Universe in a Nutshell.
You're very welcome. Do you need anything else?
OK, anything else I can help you with?
Sure, she's been in lots of movies. Which genres do you like?
That's great, she is a great actor. Have you seen his movies?
That's right. I think she was in that movie as well. That was a great movie.
Shack is drama/mystery movies.
He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Naked. Have you read either of those?
It's a Science Fiction book. It was released in 2008.
Yes it was released in 2008. What genre are you looking for?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes her music is great to dance to. Do you like her music?
I don't know that, but I do like her music. She's very talented.
Yes, that is a great song. I also watched her on American Idol.
Robin Williams starred in The Silence of the Lambs and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen any of these?
Did you know that Mrs. Doubtfire also starred Marion Cotillard, and Carrie Fisher? It is a great comedy.
Yes, he was, did you know the Leslie Dixon is in it as well?
Enjoy!
Sure! The Bourne Identity starred Matt Damon and was written by Tony Gilroy. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Yes he did. Sean Penn and Sarah Polley both starred in this movie.
If you like thrillers, you may enjoy Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Enjoy!
Sure, He wrote The Crucible.
Yes, The Crucible was released in 2012 and is in the genre of Speculative Fiction.
Sure, I would recommend The Widow Maker, The Book of Eli and many more. Do you like Drama movies?
Yes, The Fall of the House of Usher is written by Ann Brashares. Do you like her work?
You're welcome, have a good day!
He is a great basketball player, actually he won NBA Rookie of the Year Award in 2010
The only thing I know about him is that he played Basketball
Yes. The Los Angeles Rams are a basketball team based in Oklahoma City.
He played point guard.
Sure! Mary Harron directed American Psycho and was the Executive Producer on The Notorious Bettie Page. Have you seen either of these?
Mary is in the genre comedy
your welcome
It was released in 2001
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about other movies with him in it?
He also wrote The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions.
He directed the Matrix Revisited.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
Rip Tom stars in Allegiant.
It is a sci-fi and adventure movie. I would recommend World War Z.
He wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released in 2012.
The Light Between Oceans has genre Drama. Are you interested in drama?
Yes, he starred in that movie. He also starred in The Road to El Dorado.
You are welcome. I hope that you enjoy them!
Yes, Andy Tennant is an American professional boxer for the Golden State Warriors. He is one of the best in the world's singles.
Yes, he starred in The Bounty Hunter, The Sweet Far Thing, and The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen any of those?
Fool's Gold starred Jason Statham and Liam Neeson. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes he did. He was also in Lady Chatterley which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
I have no information about the book but I do not have any information about the book
Glad i could help
Yes, it is a good movie starring Taxi Driver
Sure, if you like Taxi Driver you might also enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine
Enjoy!
Not much! I do know he is an athlete that played on the Uruguay national football team. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, Liverpool F.C is a midfielder along with Vincente del Bosque.
Yes I agree that he is very good. Do you know what he played?
The Patriots are a professional American football team based in England. Their coach is Tom Brady. Do you like the Patriots?
Have you seen the other Harry Potter films? They are a must! Half-Blood Prince is the sixth story in the lengthy series.
Thanks for letting me know!
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was also released that year.
Yes, it was written by John Steinbeck and released in 2015.
The Odyssey stars Orlando Bloom and Christopher Lee. Do you like their work?
No problem. There is a film adaptation of O Brother, Where Art Thou that was released in 1995.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Did you like this book because it was a drama?
That is correct. It is a great book. You should check it out.
It's a drama released in 1945. It was written in English.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure thing! Hayao Miyazaki wrote The Phantom of the Opera and Ponyo and The Messenger. Have you seen either of those?
Ponyo starred a lot of actors including Xander Berkeley, Joel David Moore and George Clooney.
Unfortunately I do not have that information at my finger tips but I can tell you that he also starred in The Sirens of Titan.
You're welcome.
I don't know a lot about it but I know he competed for China in the 2012 Summer Olympic games
I am not sure about that. I do know he had a role in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
No I do not.
I can't remember their time but I do like the Giants. They were owned by Magic Johnson.
Yes, they are very talented. I am a Padres fan and since they won the World Series. What is your favorite team?
I do like the Rangers. I think he is a good team as well. I am not a fan of football
Not much, I know it's a German sports club based in Munich, Bavaria coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like football
Not really. I like soccer a lot. I prefer American Football. Soccer tends to bore me.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. They're a good team. I love the Dallas Cowboys. They're my team!
Horse and His Boy isn't a drama, but it was written by George R.R. Martin and is good. The Boy was good.
Yeah, it's pretty good. You should give it a try.
You're welcome
I'm not a huge fan of her work but in Her Shoes is a very good one. You should check it out.
I am not familiar with her, but I might check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Okay, I think you might enjoy that one. It is in the genre of Thriller and Drama.
Have a great day!
Great, and she has quite a few entries.
Have a good day!
Yes. Odd Thomas stars Dean Koontz and is a thriller, do you like his movies?
Well, it was actually turned into a movie. It's also considered a thriller and a mystery.
Terry Pratchet wrote it. It's a great book.
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
Pride and Prejudice was originally published in 1813. It's a very popular novel.
Well he starred in Pride and Prejudice, a drama, and a film also starred Elizabeth Perkinson.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Titanic stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is written by James Cannon. Want movies with Leonardo DiCaprio?
You might also enjoy the movie Avatar. It's a romance film similar to Titanic.
Yes, it was adapted from a book and written by Veronica Roth.
You might enjoy The Giver or The Lorax.
Oh, yes! She starred in The Proposal and Step Up. They are both great movies.
Yes that's true. I think she's also starred in The Proposal with Sandra Bullock.
It's a romantic comedy
Happy to help
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. Do you like fiction?
It's genre is mystery-thriller. Have you read it?
Yes I do. The Mystery of the Blue Train by Agatha Christie is a good one.
Yes, I love her. Helen hMcCrory. Have you seen her in The Special Relationship?
Yes, it also stars Dennis Quaid and Laurence Fishburne. Do you like either of those actors?
I see. I love Rupert Grint and Daniel Radcliffe starred in both.
He directed, and produced Red Cliff. It was an Action film starring Takeshi Kaneshiro.
Red cliff is a fantasy film, is that what you are looking for?
You might like the War films written by John Woo, if you like him.
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, Madagascar was written by Jada Pinkett Smith and Jeff Bridges. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
He directed a biographical film called Slapstick, it was released in 2000.
You're welcome.
The Stand is a good one. He also wrote it.
i believe so, The Worlds End is a science fiction action film, but if you like Scott Pilgrim, you should check it out.
I do not know Shaun of the Dead is directed by Edgar Wright but his work also directed Shaun of the Dead
I hope you enjoy
Did you know he won the NBA All Rookie of the Year Award?
He is a point guard with the Seattle Seahawks in the NBA.
That is correct, one of my favorite basketball players. I watch it from time to time.
Sure! A Grief Observed was written by C.S. Lewis. Lewis also wrote Till We Have Faces
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The magicians Nephew and The Horse and His Boy.
You're very welcome!
Andy Murray is an excellent tennis player who also won BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year.
Well, he won the 2012 PGA Championship. I don't have more information on him.
Really, I didn't know that. I know William Shakespeare was from the Dunblane school massacre.
I agree, I love his music! I would rather watch tennis during the Olympics. Do you like that sport?
He wrote Fast Food Nation and starred in McLibel
Yes, Walt Whitman is the author of Fast Food Nation. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, it is classified as children's literature and a Historical period drama.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls written by John Pogue have you seen it?
I agree. Have you seen X-Men 2 or World War Z? They are both wonderful.
Yes, I think he is a great actor. Have you seen him in The Fast and the Furious? It's hilarious!
I don't have any information on that, but I do know he passed the same year as The Death od Satan
I sure can! Peter Krause starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information about one of these?
I don't know any more about The Truman Show but it's a Comedy.
You're quite welcome. I hope you like it.
No I haven't. He is a cricket player and plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Welcome to the World, Baby Girl and I still dream about you are great books that I would suggest. You read them?
It is a mystery/romance novel released in 2003
I currently don't have any information on any other psychological thrillers.
You're welcome
That's a great film! It was written by Joel Cohen and is such a great animated movie.
Anything else I can help you with?
No, I haven't actually read Toy Story 3. It is an autobiographical novel.
Absolutely. Do you like Memento because it's written by Jonathan Nolan?
Definitely! psychological thrillers I can recommend are; The Bourne Legacy, The Dark Knight, and The Watcher. Do those sound interesting?
I'm not sure who stars in it, but I do know it was directed by Mark Camacho. Would you like me to play it for you?
No problem. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
Yes, Jean M Auel is well known for two books, The Valley of the Horses and the Shelters of Stone.
You might also enjoy "The Clan of the Cave Bear" if you like historical fiction.
Yes, it is. It is the first book of the Chronicles of Narnia series.
You are very welcome!
Yes, Its by Rick Riordan and it's a Young adult fiction book. To you want to here more about books like this?
Sure! He wrote The Son of Neptune and The Titan's Curse. Are you familiar with either?
Yes, he did. It is a similar book to The Lost Hero. Would you like to hear more about that?
I don't know much about him other than he plays German football. I do not follow soccer that much.
Didn't he play on the German national football team?
I don't know much about him either. I know he plays midfielder though.
i love Alex. who is your fav player?
oh ok but I don't follow soccer much. Who is your favorite player?
I agree! The movies are very good!
She wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
No, it is not, but she also wrote About a Boy and A Little Liars too.
Great! I hope you enjoy.
I did enjoy National Treasure. It was written by Orson Wells. Is there anything in particular you would like to know?
Yes that is a great movie. Are you a fan of Nicolas Cage?
Yes that is a great movie. I highly recommend it :)
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome!
Do you like John Steinbeck ?
It is a Fiction Romance novel
The novel was published in 1991. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I know that Chelsea is a romantic comedy that was released in 2000.
Wow, I did not know that. The team is owned by Thomas F. Wilson. I don't follow football closely.
I'm not sure. I don't know much about it, though.
I'm not sure. However, they play in London as well.
They're good. Pete Carroll is a good coach. What do you think?
My favorite from him is Der Tod in Venedig.
I would recommend both Radiance and Warbreaker.
Yes, The Hero of Ages was released in 2014
Yes they were released in 2014
Cool, you may like it
It's a crime thriller starring Robert Downey, Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal
If you like Robert Downey Jr., he also starred in The Shallows and The Soloist. Have you seen either of those?
If you like action films, you might also like Zodiac as well. It is a crime Thriller.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
X-Men 2. X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
Sure! Bryan Singer starred in the movie X-Men 2.
I can tell you that it is a Thriller/Sci-Fi movie.
I like super hero thrillers, do you know any other actors?
You are welcome, have a great day!
Yes, it was a good movie. It was also a movie. Do you like comedies?
Yes, his movies are very popular. You might like The Happening or The Lady in the Lake series by the same author.
Green Zone is another great one, if you want me to add it to your list.
Enjoy!
Sure Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which has genre in Adventure. Do you like adventure films?
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus was released in 1901.
You are welcome
You're welcome
Ever after,The gift, The vow
Have you read True Believer or The Notebook? Both are written by Nicholas Sparks to name a few.
The Wedding was released in 2002 and is in the romance genre.
Yes, Zane Grey is a very good actor.
You are most welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio, do you like it because you like his movies?
This film was released in 1999 and is also a film adaptation.
Great, enjoy the movie!
Hmm, I don't know that one! What kind of book is it?
You might also like The Clan of the Cave Bear. It's a very good one.
You're welcome, I hope you like it!
Sure, Callum Rennie is in eXistenz, warcraft, and The Young and Prodigious T.S. Spivit.
Yes, Callum Rennie starred in eXistenZ. it also starred Sarah Polley.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote Lolita and Pale Fire.
I'm not sure who wrote it but I do know that it was released in 2006
Glad I could help!
Yes, Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places. She's similar to the author, Gillian Flynn.
The Scar is a mystery book and was released in 2000.
It was directed by Kurt Wimmer, and released in 2011.
He also directed The Theory of Everything
The King is a drama and a mystery movie released in 1999.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger
He was in Angels & Demons.
He was in The Chemist and The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
You are welcome.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
Yes, it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I think it came out in 2014. Have you read any of his books?
Sure! Brave was directed by Roland Emmerich. If you like his work, you might also like The Incredibles.
He also produced the sequel, Brave, which is also called Monsters, Inc.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
He's a Brazilian professional football player, he's from Rio de Janeiro. Are you a fan?
I am not sure about that. I don't really follow soccer.
Yes Luis a Midfielder along with Luis Bruhl
Yes I do. He wrote The Shadows, The King, and The Bourbon Kings. Have you read those?
Yes. You might like A Christmas Carol or The House of Mirth written by J. R. Ward.
It's directed by Rick Riordan. It's a full length movie.
I'll add that right now.
I'm aware that he's an athlete that plays cricket, what do you know?
I don't know anything about cricket, is it about soccer?
It seems like they are playing well in the other teams. Did you know Harbhajan Singh also play for Mumbai Indians?
She's a fantastic children's writer. She wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies and If You Give a Pig a Pancake and many other titles.
Yes, it was released in 1985. That's the same year If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released.
I am not sure of the exact year but I do know that If You Give a Pig a Party was released.
Great! I am happy I could help.
No, I do not follow him that much, but I have heard of him in a movie called Wild Cards.
No, but Wild Cards was released in English. It's a great book written in English.
Perfect Chemistry also has a genre of Mystery and Speculative fiction.
Harold Ramis wrote, directed, and starred in Red Cliff. It is a suspense movie. Do either of those interest you?
Since you like comedies, I think you should check out Happily Ever After. It is also a great movie.
Since there is a comedy movie, Groundhog Day is a comedy movie
Steve Jobs was written by Walter Isaacson in 2011.
Similar books would include Xenocide, Steve Jobs, and The People of Sparks. Would you like to read those?
He also wrote A Storm of Swords which is a good read as well.
Hello, yes I think she wrote The Night Circus. It is a fantasy
Yes, it was written by Nicholas Sparks and made into a movie starring Miley Cyrus. Do you like books by Sparks?
Yes, he also wrote True Believer and Three Weeks with My Brother.
That book was released in 2003. Would you like more information on True Believer?
It is a crime fiction.
No problem!
David Levithan is a great cowboys fan. Are you a Levinney fan?
I don't really know much about the Cowboys, but I do know they are in the NFC South division.
Oh, ok. I would love to have heard of them.
Yes, He's an Indian International Cricketer who was a very well rounded player
Yes, he was in Slumdog Millionaire along with Forrest Gump.
I agree, I would recommend The Invasion, or The House of Hades.
Sure. The Last Hero is similar to To Kill A Mockingbird, which is fiction.
No, Harper Lee
Your welcome.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
No, but I've heard he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, I have heard of Serena and Serena Williams.
I love him! I especially enjoy his earlier music with Maroon 5
Yes, she's a famous singer
He has also starred in the movie A Time to Love.
Kick Ass starred Nicolas Cage and Chloe Grace Moretz.
It is a Thriller.
It was released in 2014.
Nicolas Cage starred in Lord of War and Bangkok Dangerous.
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a comedy and Nicolas Cage is a comedy.
He is first in Romeo and Juliet and Captain of War.
Anytime!
No, I haven't heard his music but I know that he is very talented, he is a songwriter too.
Yes, he is a great songwriter. I like him too.
That's very cool. I haven't heard of him since he acted in this film.
I can recommend a movie Chaos, it is thriller. Have you ever seen it?
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a great one. It is a psychological thriller. Have you seen it?
It was produced by Robert Louis Stevenson, and is about a sudden death, and falls into the family.
Glad to help. Enjoy it!
Gangs of New York starring Daniel Day-Lewis of course! Round Midnight is one I suggest.
Yes, I can. Other movies in that genre include The Big Man and DiCaprio.
It is a drama. If you like Liam Neeson, you should check it out. It's a very good movie.
Enjoy
I cannot find one in the same genre, but I do know it was written by Philip Pullman and is a Fantasy/Comedy.
He also wrote The Secret Life of Bees which is another great book.
I believe you might also like The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
Certainly.
Sure, it was written by Mark Twain. It's also a children's literature. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn : Set Decoration by: Edwin B. Willis
Sure! Lucia Graves wrote La sombra del viento, El palacio de la medianoche to name a few. Have you read any of these?
Sure! It was released in La sombra del viento. It was also written by Lucia Graves. Would you like to read it?
That's great, I hope you enjoy!
Sure! I hope you enjoy.
Of course, she's an author who wrote The Muppets. Are you familiar with that?
It was released in 1986
She starred in the Muppets with Vanessa Redgrave
The Muppets is a musical comedy and she also starred in the movie Star Trek
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
I like Lamar Jackson. He is a good quarterback. Do you like him?
The Incredible Hulk is a good one, have you seen it?
Do you like Spirit Bound because it's a paranormal romance, or because it's urban fantasy?
I think you might enjoy The Golden Lily or Succubus Blues which are also Young-adult fiction.
The Fault in Our Stars has a genre of Young-Adult Fiction and Speculative Fiction.
Yes, some other Young Adult Fiction books are Looking for Alaska, Looking for Alaska, and The Lost Hero.
Yes, its written by Lois Lowry.
Lois Lowry also wrote; Anastasia Krupnik. Anastasia Krupnik has genre Speculative fiction. Are you interested in this genre?
The Giver is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible and All My Sons have you seen those?
You might also enjoy The Crucible by Christopher Bigsby.
Sure! Do you like Wes Anderson movies or or romance films in general?
He wrote Assault on Precinct 13. Do you like Drama Films?
I'm not sure, but I know it was written by Ben Stiller who also wrote Year One. It's a romance film.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino.
Sure! It was released in 1984 and is in the genre of Thriller, Mystery, and Crime Fiction.
He is also on the Mist and the Lawnmower Man.
I don't have that information but I can tell you that Silent Hill is a Mystery movie.
I liked her in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you watch that movie?
She was also in the movie A View to a Kill, have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, I love her. Her music is very Influential but she is also a talented actress.
You should try Girls in Love, then.
I'm not sure, but it's been a while since I've heard some good songs.
Sure, Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Thorn Birds was released in Rome in Love and The First Man in Rome was released in 1977.
The House is a great one. You might also like The First Man in Rome with Love.
Alison Doody starre in A View to Kill and A prayer for the Dying. Have you heard of these?
Produced by Steven Spielberg, he's a great actor
River Phoenix was also in it. Do you like any other genres?
enjoy!
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling, or do you just prefer the fantasy genre of the book?
You might enjoy The Chamber of Secrets or The Fault in Our Stars.
You're welcome
Sure! Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
Rebecca was released in 1938.
Yes, it is in English.
Yes, I like him in This is 40.
The Muse is a great movie! Did you know he also starred in The Muse that you might enjoy?
Most definitely! It was written by Peter Hyams and also stars Joe Pesci. It is a great comedy.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
That was a great movie, have you seen Despicable Me 2?
Yes, he does. This is a great movie starring Steve Carell.
Of course, I think you will enjoy it.
Sure! Wilson Rawls wrote Into the Wild and This Lullaby. Have you read them?
Susan Meissner wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and Lord of the Flies. Have you read either of these?
You are welcome, enjoy!
You are welcome, enjoy!
Are you interested in it because it is directed by James Cameron or because it is Action movie?
Rosario Dawson was in that one. She also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness.
You are welcome, I hope you like it!
Well, I'm a Niners fan, sadly, so I'm not really watching the AFL much. Who's your favorite team?
Tom Brady and Patriots lost to the Patriots today. Are you a Patriots fan?
You might be interested in watching his wife, Gisele.
He is such an amazing songwriter! I especially like Yellow Submarine and Bag one.
He wrote all of the Magical Mystery Tours.
Ant Man has a sequel called The Dark Knight, which is also a comic book.
I have Stan Lee in the comic book series. I think you might like them.
Any other questions I can help with?
You're welcome.
Enjoy your day.
Pearl Harbor was released in 1973 and was written by James Patterson. It is a Romance film.
I am not sure. There is another movie in this series called Inland Empire which was also released in 1947.
Yes, I love anything by J.K. Rowling, especially the Harry Potter series. Do you have a favorite Harry Potter movie?
There is a sequel called Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
Gremlins was the writer for this movie. I don't have any more information on that one.
No problem. Enjoy the movie!
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Yeah, I think he's actually a good basketball player. I'm not a big fan of the Warriors. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
It sure does! Steve James is one of my favorite basketball players. He's a point guard for the Golden State Warriors.
I haven't seen it yet. Is it a comedy genre?
I do, she wrote the Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
It has a genre Science and Psychological Thriller.
You're welcome, glad I could help.
The Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Have you heard of them?
Yes and the Packer is a quarterback.
I like basketball and football. What about you?
Robert Duvall starred a few Americam Film like tha Apostle, God Father. Have you seen this movie?
Yes, it also starred Richard Portnow and Farrah Fawcett. It was also made into a movie.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
I'm not a big fan of his. I do know he is married to Hailey Baldwin. Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
I believe he did. He's a great golfer. Do you know if he won any awards?
He was in Underdog as well. Have you seen that?
Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Neutronium Alchemist or The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
The Adjustment Bureau stars Steve Oedekerk, Teri Garr, and Bill Pullman. It is a great science fiction movie.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy!
I know he is a quarterback from Texas other than that...
I have heard he is a good quarterback for the Saints. Do you follow any sports ?
I haven't seen it either. I do know that Wesley Snipes is an actor in Wildcats.
Yes, I have heard of it. Is it a paranormal romance, urban fantasy, and young adult fiction book?
It is and Richelle Mead wrote the Vampire Academy series
She also wrote The Golden Compass which is also a series of books
You're welcome
Do you like Young-adult fiction?
The genre is fiction.
Sure, The Very Hungry Caterpillar is similar and is written by the same author, Have you seen the movie?
I am sorry, I don't have any information on any other books.
He also wrote a Toy Story. Are you familiar with that one?
Yes, White Fang is also in the genre of Children's Literature.
He also wrote Siddhartha.
No problem.
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love with Gary Farmer. I love it.
I'm not sure who else starred in it but Jackie Burroughs was in The Republic of Love.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Are you referring to the football player for the Green Bay Packers?
I don't have that information unfortunately
Mike McCarthy also played for the Green Bay Packers. He was a point guard for the Seahawks and won the Super Bowl XXII.
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either ?
I cannot have that information but I can tell you other horror books are The Historian, The Swan Thieves and The Historian.
I don't have that information but I can tell you she was influenced by Truman Capote.
You are most welcome.
The book was written by Nacy Bond and is a Speculative fiction. Are you interested in this genre?
Yes it is, Winnie-the-Pooh is the only children's literature written by the same author, Winnie-the-Pooh.
Yes it is. It is part of the speculative fiction series, so you should check it out.
You are very welcome, please enjoy
I am not a big basketball fan but I do know Jay-Z owns the team.
Very good. He was in the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
That's cool. I'm a fan of the Greek Freaks.
Yes, JK Rowling wrote Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
Yes, Wonder Boys was released in 2016
Yes, they both are owned by Kurt Wimmer, do you like her?
The Road is a post- apocalyptic fiction book. Is that what you are looking for?
Have you read X-Men 2 or World Without End? They are both post-apocalyptic fiction.
The Road was written by John Scalzi. He also wrote The Last Colony and The Human Division.
He normally does Tragedy.
I'm not sure but he did write science fiction as well.
You're welcome
Do you like Tom Hanks as an actor?
Great! Then you might also like Catch-22 with Bob Newhart and Bill Cobbs.
They are both dramas. Stephen King also starred in The Green Mile.
You're welcome!
Yes she is an author, she wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants.
Yes, she also created her on Saturday Night Live. Do you like Saturday Night Live?
I do! I used to go and also watched Super Bowl X-Men. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure, but it did star Invention of Lying.
Yes, 30 Rock is in the satire show and also Circling the Sun.
Yeah. I know she plays the forward position in soccer/football but not much else.
I know he's a famous athlete from the United States of America. But, I don't really follow football.
Yeah. She is an author and a musician. She plays the position of forward in soccer.
I love her music. Have you heard of her song, Your Love is My Drug?
Yeah, me too. I like her though as a fan of hers.
That's right. I think he's from Nashville, too.
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes, and it was released in 2003.
It was. It was written in English and released in 2003.
No problem, enjoy!
Similar to Ray Bradbury, I know he wrote The Martian Chronicles, and The Illustrated Man.
Yes, it is speculative fiction. Would you like a recommendation for another book with this genre?
Yes they are! Ray Bradbury also wrote Wintersmith.
Of course! Anything else?
Enjoy!
Yes Freakonomics and Horrible Bosses a very funny film
I am not sure who starred in Freakonomics. Do you like comedy?
He plays on the Real Madrid C.F. and the Portugal national team.
Really? I don't know much about soccer but I do know he is married to Irina Shayk.
Yes, she is. Did you know she was born in London?
Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
Arnold Schwarzenegger also stared in The Terminator and The Time Machine. Would you like to watch them?
Great question! The Expendables is playing with Richard Portnow and Bruce Willis.
The genre is Speculative fiction and drama.
Ella Enchanted has genre Speculative fiction and Drama
There is no information about Ella Enchanted
You are welcome
Irwin kershner directed the fabulous film Star Wars Episode V- The Empire strikes back which was on of the most successful of all the films
William Lucking and Janet Jackson are also in it.
William Lucking starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
Well, he wrote madame Bovary a romance. Do you like romance books?
It was released in 1856, do you like his books I recommend some other ones.
I am not too sure when it was published, but it was written in English.
I'm not sure but I do know that it's a Speculative fiction.
Yes of course it written by Kurt Wimmer do you like his work?
Yes he was
I haven't. Do you enjoy that movie?
The author is J.K. Rowling and it was released in 1910.
Certainly. The only one I have by Theroux is The Portable Atheist. Have you read it?
Yes, it is. I hope you enjoy it.
peter pan
It was released in 1904
Yes, J.M. Barrie also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream.
No, I'm not sure. Any other questions I can help you with?
Enjoy!
He wrote The Professor which was influenced by William Shakespeare
It's more of a Gothic Fiction, from what I can tell
Done! Enjoy them both!
Sure, one that I'm familiar with is David Copperfield. Have you read that one?
Charles Dickens was a great author! He wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, have you seen them?
You're welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction book by Richelle Mead in the speculative fiction genre.
Yes, it is written by Richelle Mead.
I would say the tale is more fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
Have you heard of Will Grayson or Will Grayson? They are both urban fantasy.
He is a swiss professional tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Not really a fan of tennis. I do like Venus and her sister Serena better. Do you like tennis?
I have never been there and will have to check it out. Thanks for the information!
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Are you a fan?
Oh wow. He is from Chicago too!
Oh, okay. I am actually more of a basketball fan myself.
These books are from the Fantasy genre. Something Wicked This Way Comes has a similar feel
Recommendations in the Fantasy genre
You are welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, The Help was written by Tate Taylor and released in 2014. It was directed by Tate Taylor-I Spy
I believe she was also in the movie The Help, which was a comedy. Do you like that genre?
Viola was also in Hercules which was a very popular film.
Sure, Joseph Kosinski wrote The Ghostbusters which starred George Clooney.
Yes, he also directed the Interpreter.
Yes he did, and he also starred in Ghostbusters II.
You are welcome!
He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
I'm not sure. What type of books do you like?
Flannery O'Conner wrote a number of books. Would you like to read some of them?
Children's literature
Your welcome
Yes, she starred in the movie Aliens
Bill Paxton also starred in Zodiac which is a crime fiction film. Do you like action?
Sure, Robert Duvall and James Coburn also starred in Weird Science.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Pride and Prejudice is written by Jane Austen
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. What else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction
Some of her most popular books are Silence and Hush, Hush, and The Hobbit. Do you know these titles?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He is a movie director, starring Robert Duvall. He also starred in Get Shorty.
He also directed RoboCop 2.
Total Recall is an science fiction/fantasy film that was released in 2011.
Your welcome.
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock and it is a thriller. Do you like this genre?
You're welcome. Did you know that Snow White and the Huntsman was produced by Ray Winstone?
Yes, it is a young-adult fiction film. Do you like those types of movies?
Angelina Jolie Pitt also starred in this movie. Do you like her?
I'm not sure, but I do know that there's a film adaptation of The Thirteenth Floor that you might like.
Yes, I would recommend Transformers: Dark of the Moon and Titan A.E. Have you seen them?
Have you seen the other Hobbit movies?
The Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman.
Glad to be of help.
Ok great.
Yes, it was directed by Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he did. That movie stars Johnny Depp and Michael Mann. Are you a fan of Johnny Depp?
Yes, that is a great suggestion. I think you will enjoy The Proposal and Step Up. Have you seen those?
No problem!
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Total Recall is starred by Roland Emmerich.
Patrick Swayze was also in the movie.
You are welcome.
Yes, it is a Major League Baseball team owned by Steve Tisch and John Mara.
Oh. I'm not a huge fan of baseball but I do know that they drafted Kenny Phillips.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about the San Francisco Giants home venue?
Denzel Washington, James Wilcox and Denzel Washington star in the Equalizer.
Sure, Chole Grace Moretz starred in The Handmaid's Tale, The Giver, and The Handmaid's Tale.
Yes. It was released in 1999.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy!
Isn't he a table tennis player from China?
Yep, he's from China. Are you a fan?
Yes, it is. He starred in The Art of Racing in The Rain. Have you seen that one?
He wrote The Man who was Mark Twain: Images and Ideologies
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is another great book.
Mark Twain is also an author and you might like The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
Sure, he wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, and the Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Enjoy
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another one of her b
Sense and Sensibility, Sense and Sensibility, Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Persuasion is a romance novel.
The Hunt for Red October book is written by Tom Clancy, who also wrote To Build a Fire and The Son of Neptune.
The genre is Action and Adventure.
You're welcome!
Ben Stiller wrote Zookeeper and starred in it. The Devil Wears Prada is a good movie
Yes he was, and he was hilarious in Zoolander. Do you like comedy?
Yes, he did. Ben Stiller also starred in Tropic Thunder as well.
Very! I hope you enjoy it.
I am not a huge fan of her music but I have seen her in the movie Crossroads. Did you see that movie?
I didn't know that. I think I just saw her on American Idol. Did you see that one?
That was a great movie! Do you like Black Snakes?
The Terminal is a drama, so some other dramas that may be similar are The Ring Two and Fateless.
It is a romance novel written by Liisa Garner, released in 2012.
Yes, they both are very funny. I am a fan of Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
You are welcome, enjoy!
sure, he starred in Tom Horn, The War Lover and the Reivers, what genre of films you prefer more his drama or action?
It came out in 2002. Would you like to know who else was in it?
Great. It was written by Rick Riordan. He also starred in The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Conrad and has genres Novella and Fiction. Do you like these genres?
Mary Doria Russell
The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a picture book.
Are you interested in the genre of parody or movies that John Cleese is in?
It was released in 1900.
Would you like me to send it to you?
Yes it is an adventure film
Ok, can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I think he plays for the Argentina national football team. I don't know much about him
That's a funny fact. I haven't watched him play since he has a brother named Benfica. It was cute.
That's true. Louis van Gaal also coached Manchester United F.C. I love his music.
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead actor.
Sure. He also starred in Star Wars: The Force Awakens. Have you seen it?
Sure. Anything else I can help you with?
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Do you like the Romance genre?
Stephen Chbosky was in it.
Yes, she was. She was also in The Fugitive.
I'm not sure if he did. He also directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
Your welcome.
Yes I do. It is written by Anne Rice, it stars Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise
Tom Cruise also starred in Vanilla Sky and The Last Samurai.
Andres Iniesta is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Barcelona and the Spain national team.
Is that the team owned by Magic Johnson and Frank McCourt?
Yes they do. There are a lot of teams in the NFL, including the San Francisco 49ers and the San Diego Chargers.
That is true. The Giants drafted Rudy Gay. He was a great player.
Yes it does. The event is fun to watch.
Oh, I adored that movie. It starred Meryl Streep, Emily Blunt and Anne Hathaway. Do you want more movies with a similar cast, or something else?
Then you might enjoy Aline Bronna. She also wrote She's Come Undone and The Nightingale. Have you seen them?
Enjoy!
Sure, he starred in Treasure Planet, The Three Lives of Thomasina and The Phantom. Are you looking for any particular genre?
Yes, that is correct. Martin Short starred in Treasure Planet. He was also in Catwoman, have you seen that one?
Sure, the one stars Thomas Lennon and Robert Downey Jr. as Tony Stark. You should check it out!
William Friedkin directed The Hunted, The French Collection, and The Exorcist to name a few.
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
No, I don't have any other thrillers that he's directed.
You're welcome.
Pearl S Buck wrote The good Earth. Did you know she was also a teacher?
It is a romance film. Do you like romance movies?
No, that movie is in Black-White.
You are welcome.
Well, I know that it is a national basketball association team owned by Leslie Alexander.
I like most sports also. I also like football
The most sports in the world is football, but I prefer tennis as well
He directed Little Miss Sunshine.
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Taylor Swift starred in Little Miss Sunshine. He also starred in other films such as Little Miss Sunshine.
Alan Arkin has been in so many things. He was in The Robots of Dawn and The Ground Beneath Her Feet.
Yes she is. She lost to Serena Williams and Roger Federer.
She is currently number 66.
You are welcome, I hope you have a good day.
He was a Journalist and wrote a Biography. Do you like Biography books?
Sure! Ralph Steadman starred in The Three Musketeers and The Man in the High Castle. Have you seen them?
He also wrote a book called Neverwhere. Have you heard of it?
You're very welcome.
The genre is Speculative fiction do you enjoy that genre?
She also wrote Fairest and The Two Princesses of Bamarre
Yes it is a fantasy novel
The Tombs of Atuan is also written by Gail Carson Levine, I think you will enjoy it.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
I don't know who he is, but John Fox played for the Broncos
I think he will be a free agent in the year.
He is a football player. He is in the Argentina national football team
He plays for the Argentina national football team.
I agree. I'm not a big fan of soccer but I do know he's quite good.
Certainly! What kind of books do you like? Jeff Kinney, the author of Jeff Kinney, also wrote The Long Haul.
I believe it is a romantic comedy. If you like that genre, you should check it out. It's very funny.
Enjoy!
Apocalypto is a war film written and directed by Francis Ford Coppola. Do you like the genre or the actors?
He also wrote Apocalypto, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! The Passion of the Christ is starring Hristo Shopov as well as Maia Morgenstern.
Sure, no problem!
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
She also wrote Insurgent and Free Four: Tobias Tells the Divergent Story
You are welcome
Yes, that was released in 2011.
Cecelia Ahern was the author of PS, I Love You. It became a movie. Do you like Romance Films?
Yea, I don't know any other books she wrote. But did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Do you like Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone because it is a Fantasy movie?
Cool. The Golden Compass is written by Chris Columbus who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
The Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman, who also wrote The Goonies.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Renny starred in Cuttroat Island which happens to be a family film
Yes, he also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight. Do you like thrillers?
It stars Tom Amandes and Geena Davis. They are also action movies.
You are welcome.
Not really, I like her song Chandelier and Titanium. Are you a fan of her?
I don't have any favorite singer, but I do like Willie Garson.
Yeah, Ricky Martin is a very talented person! Did you know he starred in the movies?
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like the author Jojo Moyes?
Me Before You was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Secret Life of Bees which is another great Sci-Fi novel.
I do not know who starred in that movie. But I do know it was directed by Marc Foster.
I do! She's a Danish tennis player and was a former world No 1 in singles. She's a fantastic player
I agree. Do you like her sister Serena?
Yes, they are. Do you have a favorite sport?
They're pretty good. I think Mike Woodson is their coach - right?
Oh, yea he is a good player too.
I haven't seen it a long time ago. Who is in it?
Yes, he is a great football player form Wales.
I watch it sometimes. I like American Football. Are you a fan of either team?
It is a great movie!
He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
The Water is Wide has genre Historical fiction
He also wrote The Water is Wide
Not a problem
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
No I don't have any information on that author. Would you like me to add it to your list?
It's considered a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Sure, no problem!
Oh yes! That's a great book written by Mickey Knox. Are you interested in Adventure?
Well it was produced by Stuart M. Kaminsky. It's also a great Sci-Fi movie.
Of course! The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is an action film, was produced by Stuart Cornfeld.
It was written by Cassandra Clare and a crime thriller. It stars Sofia Coppola and Robert Duvall. Are you familiar with either?
To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate are some good dramas from this genre.
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Robert Mulligan, it is a fiction thriller.
There was a remake of The Manchurian Candidate released in 2008. It's a classic.
That is a Zombie Film starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you a fan?
Yes he is a singer-songwriter I enjoy, do you like him?
Yes, he is a lyricist. Do you like him?
Andy Murray is a great athlete but not one of the best athlete. I think he is a great player though.
I love tennis. I also like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. Do you like them?
I think the main star was Serena Williams and Victoria Azarenka.
Sure. She wrote 7 Years to Sin, One with You, Entwined with You.
It is a non fiction genre.
Your welcome
Rob Riggle starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Hangover. He was also in The Lorax.
I don't know what songs she sing, but I do like the song Speak your Mind. Do you like her?
Yes, you're right. Do you like his music? She's a lot of good singers.
I haven't heard Sia for sure, but I think Shakira is a talented singer. I like Sia, too. I like her song Whenever, Wherever.
She was a great Lyrist as well. I'm not sure about Sia's work. Do you like Lyra? I think he did a great Lyrist as well.
All I know is he is a cricket player. Not really a sport that I follow. Do you like the sport?
What sport do you follow?
Yes, she was in that movie too!
Sure! Bob Peck starred on Jurassic Park III and Surviving Picasso. Have you seen those?
Yes, Bill Paxton also starred in Tower Heist and The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
That's a great movie! Kevin Costner and Kevin Costner are also in it as well. Do you like science fiction?
That's right. It was released in 1989.
Of it's genres, do you prefer Fantasy or Adventure?
Certainly, I recommend The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey. It's a fantasy that you might like.
It's a fantasy film that stars Ricky Gervais and Jason Bateman.
Yes! Kevin Zegers also starred in the Sci-Fi film Zoom.
No problem!
Yes, it was written by Sophie Kinsella and was released in 2003. Would you like to know more?
She also wrote Wedding Night
True Grit is a drama Novel. It's similar to The Undomestic Goddess.
Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome!
He plays cricket from India
I am a fan of cricket, but I don't even know a bit about it. Do you like cricket?
Well, from what I've heard, it seems like a lot of athletes come from that game. So I'm more of a baseball fan.
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
I don't know any other titles by her, but I do know that she has also written Sharp Objects and Dark Places.
I am not sure if it was new, but it was released in 2015.
Yes. Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The History Boys.
Yes, it is a musical theater film. Would you like to know more about anything?
Michael Morpurgo and Scarlett Johansson starred in Warcraft. They are both great actors.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that who you mean?
I think they hang in there as they finally got into the World Series recently after losing back in 1945!
Yes, I love the San Francisco Giants! My favorite team is the Redskins. Have you been there?
I haven't seen it, but I heard it's great. The San Francisco Giants are a great team as well!
I don't know a lot about Aaron Rodgers, but my husband likes them.
It came out in 2013, but I didn't know that!
Yes, he wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Small Steps. They are both childrens literature. Do you enjoy reading that genre?
She also wrote Wayside School is Falling Down which is another popular one, have you heard of it?
It is a children's literature, do you like children's literature?
Yes, he is a good golfer. He won the 2010 Masters Tournament, but I'm a Tiger Woods fan. Do you like Phil Mickelson?
Wow, I didn't know Phil won the 2012 PGA Championship! Are you a golf fan?
I agree! He is a great actor. He also starred in Tin Cup.
Great! Weeds is also a movie that stars Steve Buscemi and Ben Stiller.
The Time Machine is a place to start.
It came out in 2000 and the same year The War of the Worlds was released.
Yes I love Caddyshack. Did you know it was also made into a movie?
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
The movie A Space Odyssey stars Matt Damon and Josh Brolin
He is a pretty good shooting guard, plus he won the NBA sixth Man of the Year Award.
Yes, he is very good. I like his position. Yeah, he is a great shooting guard
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I don't really like them. I think they are the most arrogant team in the MLB, and I don't like their owner George Steinbrenner.
The Yankees play in the American League East and have not played in the World Series since 2003. Are you a fan?
Of course, the Yankees play the Seahawks and the Red Sox are very talented. But, as far as I know, isn't it?
It is a psychological thriller starring Matt Damon. Have you seen it?
oh really? I don't have that information just yet, can you tell me more about the movie?
I think it was released in 2017. Have you seen it?
They are one of the best football teams, did you know their coach is Ryan Giggs?
Yes, he is. Are you a fan of the Buccaneers fan? If so, it's possible!
Do you know who they both are in the NFC south?
Sure. Rocky was written by Sylvester Stallone. Other movies starring them are Conderella Man, The Fighter, Raging Bull.
He starred in The House of Mirth and Lolita. Have you seen any of these?
Creed is a Science Fiction movie, directed by Joel Coen, starring Mark Wahlberg.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director as well. He wrote Jurassic Park.
The Great Train Robbery is a comedy-drama written in 2012. It's also a fiction book.
You're very welcome!
I don't have that information. I know he is a producer and a director.
Nicole Kidman and Corey Johnson
He also starred in The Good Doctor
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and the genre is Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility are both historical fiction novels.
Falling Down is a good one by Jane Austen. You should check it out
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells, who also wrote The War of the Worlds.
He directed Safety Not Guaranteed
It is considered a thriller and a romance. Do you like that genre?
If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I liked him in Things Behind The Sun. Did you see that?
I'm not sure about that one, but it also starred Liam Neeson. Are you a Patsy fan?
Yes it is. It's also a drama.
That was a great one! I think you'd enjoy it.
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
I saw them win the Superbowl. Did you know Rowdy was the runner up?
Have you seen the Cowboys at Tiffany's?
He directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back is starring Harrison Ford and Anthony Daniels. It is a Sci-Fi Fantasy if you like.
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on Sean Connery.
Gillian Flynn. She's from the United States.
He also wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places. I couldn't find any other books by him.
You might like Kate Beckinsale. She also wrote Dark Places.
Yes, I do agree.
Yes I do. I like X-Men 2. I think you might enjoy that.
Great. Enjoy your day!
He plays cricket from India
I don't know much about him, other than he is from India. Do you know if he was in the London Olympics?
I agree! He's one of the best cricket players in the world!
I have not, but I would love to. I like to learn about it when it first came out. I'm more of an American Football fan.
I don't really know much about it, but I'd like to learn more about Ravichandran Ashwin. You should give it a try.
You too!
I know they are professional basketball team in the Western Conference, Southern division.
It is a drama. Looper stars Noah Segan, who also starred in The Longest Ride.
Yes, Warlock is a thriller. If you like Warlock, you might also like The Purge. Have you seen that one?
Yes it is. It's a zombie movie. If you like zombie movies, you should check out Zombieland.
Anything else I can help you with?
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
He also wrote Tender is the Night, The Beautiful Damned, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Are you into foreign books?
I'm not sure about that. It's a great read that book published in 1929.
Yes, it does. There is a movie in English that you might like called A Time to Kill.
You are welcome. Glad I could help.
I know she is great at tennis and is dating golfer, Rory McIlroy
She plays tennis, right? I'm not a big fan of tennis.
Yes, Williams sisters play tennis in high school. Both Venus and her sister are very talented.
Yes I did like it. I like tennis better than most sports.
Isn't she married to a designer?
Is that written by Tennessee Williams, and part of the Southern Gothic genre?
Tennessee Williams also stars in Cat on a Hot Tin Roof too
Williams also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof and The Glass Menagerie
your welcome
In the Woods was written by Tana French. She also wrote The Likeness.
In the Woods is considered Speculative fiction and Fantasy. Do you like these genres?
No problem enjoy.
He wrote a book called Welcome to the Monkey House and Weaveworld. Have you heard of them?
He has been in a number of films including The Warrior's Way, The Man from Snowy River and The Ugly Truth.
It appears that David Ayer is the lead actor. He is also a director, producer and screenwriter.
Sure, Pale Fire and The Prestige are two good ones
No problem!
I do! I know Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier are the coaches and the team is owned by Zygi Wilf.
The Vikings are second in the NFC North along with the New York Giants.
I like the New York Jets and New York Giants. I'm also a fan of the New York Jets.
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen them?
The Social Network starred Drew Brees, Jeff Bridges, and Andrew Garfield
The Social Network is a Biographical Drama and Thriller, is that what you are looking for?
It was released in 2003 and Andrew Garfield starred in the film.
It's considered a drama and a biography.
Steve Buscemi wrote 2010 and stars Mila Kunis. Do you like her?
You're welcome. Enjoy your day!
Of course, Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese have you seen that yet?
I did not know that. She also starred in The Cradle of Life and Wonder Boys. Both are good movies.
He also wrote The Wool Cap and The Wedding Singer.
It is a young-adult fiction book written by Christopher Paolini, have you read it?
Yes, Paolini is a Young-adult fiction with a genre of Suspense and Speculative Fiction.
You are very welcome, have a great day!
Yes The Girl of Fire and Thorns by Rae Carson. What else can I do for you?
It was released in 2016. Do you like thrillers?
Great, I think you will enjoy it!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
If you like books by Shauna Lynch, you may like the works of Deidre Shauna.
Yes, I have. Would you like me to add it to your favorites?
I believe she plays professional badminton. I remember when I heard that people played badminton professionally, I couldn't believe it. I used to play all the time as a kid.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that person.
I'm not sure. Do you have any information on the place of this game?
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog saw and other Adventures.
He directed Seven Psychopaths? Do you like dark comedies?
Yes, he is a scientist and author.
Well, he directed Seven Psychopaths. Do you like science fiction?
Robin Williams starred in Mrs. Doubtfire along side Jennifer Lawrence. Have you seen it?
Have you seen We Bought a Zoo? It's such a good family movie.
It starred Woody Harrelson, Cameron Crowe, and Cameron Diaz.
Sure, I'll add that right now.
I love the Simpsons! It's an English novel, isn't it? You should check it out.
It's another example of Epic Epic Poets.
Yes, it looks to be a common format. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I haven't been to a long time since they were the runner-up team for Super Bowl XLVII
That's right, it was a great year for the Cowboys.
No, but that is not the same year. The Ravens have a hard time with the Seahawks as well.
It's a romantic comedy starring Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds.
Sandra Bullock played in the Young-adult fiction film called Miss Congeniality
Sure, that was released in 1999 and is a war film
Oh sure, The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October are great books by him.
It is actually a new book released in 1866.
Yes it is! It was also written by Tom Clancy.
They are owned by The Madison Square Garden Company. Are you a fan?
The team owner is Mike Woodson
They are a part of the NFC South.
You're welcome
It was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
I would recommend Minority Report, as well as Safety Not Guaranteed
I bet you will enjoy these movies. Have you seen the ones starring Colin Farrell as well?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
John Fox, he starred in the Broncos XLIII. Are you a fan of him?
Sure, it has Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Michelle Rodriguez in it. Do you like them?
I do. Would you like to watch it?
I love Matt Irby. He was also in The Green Mile and Snow White. Have you seen them?
I will.
Have you seen the whole series? Do you like Sci-Fi?
I think it's based on the book.
Is there anything else I can help with?
No problem!
Sure, He's an athlete, a professional golfer from Dallas, Texas.
I didn't know that. Is he a good team owner?
Yes it is. Do you know if Jordan was in the London 2012 Summer Olympics?
Yes, I am. She wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings which is a very popular book. Have you read it?
Yes, she's also written a number of poetry books. You might like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
Sure, it was first published in 1851. It's been made into a movie, if you're interested in the book.
Sure, I can. I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, he wrote она и мир.
He is a great actor. He starred in Your Highness and Palo Alto. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, This is the End stars Seth Rogen and James Franco. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like fantasy comedies?
It is a comedy. Do you like comedys?
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
He plays football right? I don't know much about soccer.
I don't know much about him except that he plays midfielder or forward. Do you follow football much?
Yeah that was great, I'm a big fan of that movie. Do you like football?
I too love Doctor Zhivago! He's a great actor. I liked him in The Last Man in Rome.
It was written by Rick Riordan, it is a young-adult fiction book.
Yes he did and it is a great book. I highly recommend it
It is a great book, if you are interested in other books by Rick Riordan, the Mummy
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
there is no much information about that
Mary Ann Shaffer also wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
Yes! He starred in Imagine That and produced Tyson, which is a Documentary film.
Ray Bradbury wrote many books. What kind od genre are you interested in? Speculative fiction, Short Stories
, Fahrenheit 451 is a romance novel
It was released in 1953
Sure, hope you enjoy the book
He plays for FC Barcelona, right? Other than that, I do not know much.
Yes, Jordan Spieth American professional golfer. Do you play golf?
Is that the one with Adam Sandler?
Definitely! Grown Ups is a great comedy with Adam Sandler.
Yes, she was. She is a very talented actress.
Joe Morton wrote What Lies Beneath and Thoughtcrimes. Would you like to know more about either of these?
Beneath also starred in Shark Night, have you seen that one?
Great. Total Recall is also a science fiction movie. I think you will like it
No problem.
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Are you a fan of this sport?
Yes, he competed in the 2012 Olympics.
He is correct he is in the 2012 Olympics.
Thor was written by Natalie Portman, and stars Brad Pitt. Would you like to know more about films starring Natalie Portman?
Yes it is a great movie starring Robert Downey Jr, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson, Chris Hemsworth
He starred in Two Girls and a Guy and also Tropic Thunder which is a comedy.
The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Downey Jr. is a favorite.
He wrote The Butterfly Effect.
The Butterfly Effect is a psychological thriller that you might like.
I don't have that information right now. I know the Final Destination is about a psychological thriller that stars Eric Brees and Eric Brees. It is a very good movie.
William Scott wrote, J.C. Spink also wrote, Horton Hears a Who!, The Skin I Live in, The Magician's Nephew
Sure, October Sky is a Crime Fiction Thriller film directed by Eric Brees. It is about a mentally challenged gentleman who gets a plugged into a virtual reality world and becomes a super genius, psycho.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
She's great. I have been a fan since she released Baby One More Time. Do you like her?
Emir Kusturica also starred in Pauly Shore is Dead. It's a great movie.
It was a great movie, starring Pauly Shore is Dead
300 is directed by him.
I dont have that information but he is a Thriller, he also starred in Man of Steel.
300 starred Michael Fassbender, who also starred in Battleship.
It's a war movie. Michael Fassbender starred in 300.
Yes, it is a good film. It is a great action movie. Do you like action movies?
Sure, it stars Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and Natalie Portman.
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released 1817
Yes! If you like Jane Austen, you should check out Pride and Prejudice. She also wrote Mansfield Park.
Yes, if you like Jane Austen, you might also like Mansfield Park.
Sure, it is written by Cassandra Clare and is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, The Shadowhunter's Codex is another book written by her.
I'm not sure but it is written by Neil Gaiman
Tom Cruise starred in Mission impossible Rogue Nation so if you like him he also starred in Valkyrie.
Yes thats a great movie starring Robert Duvall.
You might enjoy The Last Samurai starring Tom Cruise.
You are welcome
I think that is their quarterback. I don't watch much basketball but I do know that they are a good team.
I have been a fan since I am a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
Yeah, I'm a Niners fan for sure. My favorite team is the Redskins. I haven't been to a long time since I watch them from time to time.
The book was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Plain Truth.
Yes, Where There's Smoke has genre Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
No, I don't have any information on that.
I watch from time to time. Are you a fan of soccer?
I've never watched soccer in Germany. If you are a fan of the team then I might start watching the Premier League.
I agree, it sounds like a lot of fun to watch.
Sure, she wrote The Sweet Far Thing. It was good.
The Sweet Far Thing is speculative fiction and The Diviners is in the genre fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
I'm sorry I don't have anything in the fantasy genre but I do know that they are both part of the Wildest Dreams series.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je här and Zert.
No, but Milan Kundera is from the Czech Republic of Poland. He wrote In English and is also a writer.
No problem! Anything else I can help with?
I know he is a quarterback from Texas other than that...
I'm not sure, but I do know that they are owned by Tom Benson
No problem
Yes she is
Yes, Michael Wie is a female golfer from Honolulu.
Wow, I did not know that. Thanks for the info.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
I don't have any information on that, but i do know that Kevin Costner starred in it. Have you seen it?
Sure, it was released in 1999.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Shrek 2?
I didn't know that. I think he is a good musician as well.
I think so. I'm not sure. Do you have a favorite song of his?
Do you like animated Disney films?
The Golden Compass is a good Fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
A Good Day to Die Hard is a good one, written by Peter Hyams.
Sure, she wrote The Ship of Brides and also The One Plus One. Have you read either one?
It is a romance novel.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
It is part of the series The Oz Books, would you be interested in others in the series?
I have not, but would you like to know more about The Wonderful Wizard of Oz?
I will. You are welcome.
I agree! He's one of the best tennis players in the world right now.
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
I don't think so. I think Marat Safin was a very good tennis player
You're welcome!
Sure! Arthur Conan Doyle wrote some of the most popular books titled : The Return of Sherlock Holmes, The Lost World, and The Valley of Fear.
Great question! The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1892. It's a mystery genre.
Glad to help!
Have you heard of The Subtle Knife? It is a similar work.
Have you read The Golden Compass or The Ruby in the Smoke?
Happy to help!
I haven't, but I know its written by Veronica Roth
The Insurgent is a genre of fantasy and was released in 2012.
Yes it was released in 2012. For sure you will like it too!
You are very welcome. You are welcome
Yes, I do! My favorite song by her is a thousand years.
I like sing. I like all of her music. Do you know if she does or not?
I dont think so. Do you know if she acted in movies?
Thor a lot was written by Chris Hemsworth and stars Chris Hemsworth. Do you like Thor?
He also starred in The Door Into Summer and The Way of Zen.
No problem!
Yes, he wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those yet?
You might also like The Pact, which was released in 2014.
Where There's Smoke is a Fictional novel.
Yes, he is a soccer player and has played for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
Yes I do. Who is your favorite player?
My favorite team is the Redskins. Who are your favorite teams?
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season. I think their owner Randy Lerner would be happier with a better place.
I love his music. My favorite team is the Cowboys. How about you?
I don't know too much about the Browns, but I do know that he is a good coach for the Browns.
Sure, Peter Weir directed Witness and The Truman Show, which are a Crime Fiction Film
Yes he did. Peter Weir also directed Witness. It is a drama/crime/Drama.
Yes, she's a good actress. I liked her in Spring Breakers and Ramona and Beezus
I like the song Love Song too. Have you heard of it?
Of course! Lois Lowry is a similar book.
Yes, Lois Lowry also wrote; Anastasia Krupnik and The Giver. The Giver is also a movie. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes it is. Xenocide is a science fiction novel by American writer Orson Scott Card.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome
Yes. Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web which has co-authors like Garth Williams and E.B. White.
It was! Rosemary Wells also wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance. The book was released in 1996.
You are welcome!
Sure, I can help with that. Bradly Cooper starred in The Words, The Social Network, and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen any of these?
Pauly Shore is a good one. He also starred in What's Up Doc.
Sure. Submarine is a sci-fi film. Do you like sci-fi?
He is an excellent actor. He starred in The Empire Strikes Back and The Empire Strikes Back.
Your welcome!
Sure. This book is written by Douglas Adams and he wrote Life, the Universe and Everything too.
I recommend The Restaurant at the End of the Universe and The Sparrow. Both are excellent books!
Of course! The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Universe is a Science Fiction novel, released in 1961. It was the second book of Douglas Adams's series.
Sorry, I don't have that information. Would you like to hear more about The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul?
Absolutely! I think you'll really enjoy them!
I may have heard them perform somewhere before but I can't really place them. Do you know what kind of music they play?
Those are very popular. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I like them all. I'm also a huge fan of alternative rock, but I do like their music.
I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like Football?
Yes, you are right. He was a linebacker.
I'm a fan of sports. I like the Rocky Horror Picture Show and the Cowboys. Do you have any favorite athletes?
Well, James Frain who is in it is also in Transit (Crime Fiction Film).
The Matrix Revolutions is similar, if you like TRON: Legacy.
You are welcome.
L.A. Confidential is a thriller starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like his movies?
Suicide Squad is similar, also written by David Fincher.
You are welcome. Enjoy
Yes, it is a good movie starring Tom Hanks.
Sure, it is a comedy, very funny. Meet the Parents is a comedy with Dr. Dre and Ethan Hawke. Do you like comedies?
Yes, that is a great one with Denzel Washington. One of my favorite dramas is Where the Wild Things Are. Have you seen that one?
Of course, I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! He starred in Unlawful Entry which is a really good movie.
Yes that's also a great movie. Rufus Sewell starred in It's a Sci-Fi film. Do you like him?
You might also enjoy the Princess and the Frog or The Devil's Advocate.
The Pianist is a Romantic Comedy, starring Ben Stiller who also starred in The Matrix Revolutions
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I am not a huge tennis fan but I do know she has beaten Wozniacki before.
No, I had no idea. What genre is that?
American Gangster also starred Serena Williams. It also starred Roger Federer.
I'm not sure where Serena is residing. I remember when Serena lost to Venus, but it does look like it.
He directed the movie The Illusionist. Were you aware that it's a thriller?
It's a psychological thriller.
You might like The Illusionist. Neil Burger directed it as well.
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like Young-adult fiction books?
Have you read Under the Tuscan Sun? It's a good book.
It was written by C.S. Lewis. It was a good read. I think you'll really enjoy it.
Sure! Enjoy!
Sure, another book like Silence would be Broken Silence.
It was released in 2004.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Did you like Pandemonium because it was written by Lauren Oliver or because it is a speculative fiction genre?
You might also like Zoe's Tale.
It was written by Robert Zemeckis. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome. Is there anything I can help with?
Yes, I love her music! Did you know that she has also starred in a few movies? She was in Who's That Girl.
Yes, it also appeared in the movie Sex. It's a good comedy.
I think so. It was a good relationship with Sean Connery.
Yeah, you should check it out. It's very funny.
I will have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
That was written by Joel Coen, who also wrote The Big Lebowski which is a classic@
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was produced by John Malkovich.
You're welcome.
It is written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
Yes it is in English.
Of course! Henning Koch wrote Britt-Marie var här and The Maggot People.
Sure. He wrote You've Been Warned as well as zoo and of course many others. Are you a fan of his?
He wrote Assault on Precinct 13, starring Ian McKellen.
It was released in 1999 and directed by James Patterson.
Do you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
He's definitely a great actor. He starred in The Post and The Circle. Have you seen them?
It's directed by Tom Hanks. He also directed Larry Crowne.
You're welcome!
Sure! Darren Aronofsky directed, wrote and starred in the hit movie Requiem for A Dream along with Hubert Selby Jr.
It is a drama starring Evan Rachel Wood and Evan Rachel Wood
I am not sure who starred in Requiem of a Dreams.
Yes, he directed Apocalypse Now, which starred Robert Duvall.
Sure! Francis Ford Coppola, Daniel Henney, and Apocalypse Now are all star in Apocalypse Now.
I'm sorry, I don't have the genre information for that movie.
Sure it was released in 2005 starring Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt. It is a Romantic Comedy do you like this genre?
It is a thriller starring Matt Damon.
Well, if you like thrillers, you might like Shark Night. It stars Katharine McPhee.
You're welcome. Enjoy them!
Yes I do. Hayley Atwell wrote The Pillars of the Earth which is a thriller and drama. Do either of those genres interest you?
Emile Zola. He also starred in The Wedding Date too. Have you seen that movie?
It's a romance, similar to The Wedding Date. Have you seen that movie?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
Are you a Patriots fan? If I have to root for the Patriots then you might like the Patriots.
Belich, isn't he with the Patriots? He is a great quarterback though.
Yes, Charlize Theron and Tom Hardy star in it. Do you like them?
That is correct a great movie! It also stars Ben Stiller, Jennifer Jason Leigh and Liam Aiken.
Yes, she is also a musician and a model.
I'm not sure who Nicky Katt is in it, but it is a thriller and drama film.
My pleasure.
Sure, E Lockhart wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and the Boyfriend List. Have you read any of those ?
It was released in 2014
Another good one would be Jumanji. Have you read it?
You're very welcome
Do you like it because it is a drama?
That's a great book. It was written by Stephen King. Do you like his books?
Yes it does! It's also a film.
Yes it was, and it was also a Thriller. Some other Thrillers you might like are The Tourist and The Tourist.
Ok, will do.
Yes, he is a great football player form Wales.
He is a Midfielder, and he is also a Forward.
Yes, he's from Wales from the Cardiff region.
Sure, she is a musician, lyracist, and composer. I am not familiar with her work though.
I haven't heard much of her music but I do like Soul, Grime and Hip Hop.
I am sorry, I do not know much about her music.
Yes, it is written by Stephen King. Are you a fan of him?
I have not, but if you like The Silence of the Lambs I think you will enjoy it.
I do! He was in The Silence of the Lambs. Do you like him as an actor? He's in a couple of my favorite psychological thrillers.
Emily Griffin is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association. Are you interested in basketball?
It was released in 2012 and written in English.
Yes, it's a great movie. Nick Cassavetes and Marlon Brando were also in it.
You're welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote Never let me go.
I'm sorry, I unfortunately don't have that information.
I think so. It is speculative, science fiction, and fantasy.
Your welcome
He is a Polish footballer. He plays for Legia Warsaw. Do you like soccer?
He plays the Midfielder
He was born in Warsaw. Do you like football
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you today?
The Selection is a series of books written and co-written by Kiera Cass. Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
You are welcome, enjoy!
Did you like X-men because it starred Hugh Jackman or because it was Sci-Fi?
I also like Action films, like The X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse.
Hugh Jackman and Laurence Fishburne were in it. I'll have to check it out!
I think I did too. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Gone Girl is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Gillian Flynn also wrote "What kind of books do you like?
You're welcome!
Have you seen Zathura: A Space Adventure, A Dog of Flanders ? They are adventure movies
It was written by Orson Wells. It's also a novel.
It is a Fiction, similar to Zoe's Tale.
It's a good book. It was written by Tony Tanner
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog Saw and Other Adventures.
Yes, he does. Are you a fan of his?
You are very welcome.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. He also produced Fair Game which are comedy. Do you like comedy?
Fiar Game has genre Thriller
The Mists of Avalon is a great action film.
Ed Harris, Mike Myers and Jada Pinkett Smith are in the movie
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Amadeus. Would you like to see something he was in?
He also wrote Amadeus Mozart and The Romance genre
I can do that for you. Anything else?
C. S. Lewis wrote it and released it in 1953. He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia - the Lion, the Witch, and The Wardrobe. I think you might like it too.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader was released in 1951 and is the second of the series. The next in the series is The Chronicles of Narnia.
The Silver Chair was released in 1953. It is part of the series, The Chronicles of Narnia series.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
He is a cricket player, right?
I am not a big fan of cricket but I do know he's married to Gisele. She was in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I haven't. Is he a good player?
I love him! I especially enjoy his earlier music with Maroon 5
I don't know if he acted in any movies. He did write the song This Love.
You should check out The White Album, it is a romantic comedy also starring Adam Levine
It was written by James Frey. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
Sure, he's also written One More Day and The Count of Monte Cristo.
You are welcome. It's a great book.
Enjoy your book.
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director as well. He wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
hes written alot of books
it is a thriller
you're very welcome!
He is a talented footballer, did you know he plays for FC Bayern Munich?
My favorite sport is Football. What about you?
Then I also like soccer and football. What is your favorite team?
Yes, he wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
Yes he is both a writer and a writer.
I don't have much information on Sometimes a Great Notion.
Sure! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Paulo Coelho wrote The Alchemist which is also a short story. Do you like short stories like this?
He wrote The Grapes of Wrath.
It's a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a professional football player for the New England Patriots.
Matt Damon and Dane Cook. Are you a fan of them?
Eva Mendes also starred in the Fiction film American Pie.
Yes it is a great movie. It starred Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Cruise. Do you like war movies?
Sure! Bradley Cooper was in American Sniper. He was also in American Sniper in the movie Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. Have you seen it?
It is a drama. It's worth a watch!
Anytime!
Yes. Martin Scorsese wrote The Assassination of Jesse. It is a great movie.
Sure. Gangs of New York starring Robert De Niro is a thriller.
You might also like The Handmaid's Tale which starred Robert De Niro.
You might also like The Tailor of Panama. It's a very funny movie.
Sure. It also stars Robert De Niro and is a comedy.
No, it also stars Katie Lowes, who is an excellent actor.
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
Yes, all three of the films, plus the Christmas film Toy Story That Time Forgot, are available.
Yes he starred in That Thing You Do! and also That Thing You Do!
Yes, he produced Larry Crowne, and it's a Romantic Comedy.
Larry Crowne is a Drama and Romance Film.
Yes, it is a great movie. I would recommend it if you haven't seen it already.
You're very welcome.
Yes I do! I highly recommend Kingdom of Heaven.
Yes I can. Liam Neeson also starred in Wrath of the Titans and Unknown.
The Lord of the Rings was produced by J.R.R. Tolkien.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season. I think their owner Randy Lerner would be happier with a better place.
Yes, he also won the PFA Fans' Player of the Year award.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. They are having a good season this year.
Good for them on winning the World Series although I am not a baseball fan. Are you a Red Sox fan?
Yes, that is correct. They were originally coached by John Farrell
Me either but I like the New Jersey much like New York.
I did not see that one. I will have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
He wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, A Princess of Mars and some more. Are you interested in any of these books?
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
You are very welcome, please let me know if you need anything else.
Yeah, it was written by Veronica Roth. If you like Divergent you should read The hunger games.
A similar movie would be Transformers. Have you seen that one?
you are welcome.
Of course! Do you prefer Fiction or Fantasy?
It starred Steve Antin, Robert Davi, and Robert Davi.
Yes she is! I love her music. Did you know she starred in Men in Black 3?
Yeah, he is. I'm more of a musical fan of hers.
I m not sure, but I can tell you she is very popular in the music genre.
Yes I am a fan, it was written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Yes I do. Unaccustomed Earth is a fiction. It is starring Woody Allen.
I do like thrillers. Shark Night is a great one.
Dr. Seuss wrote The Lorax and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Do you like any of these?
Theodore Lesieg also wrote the Catalystches and Other Stories
It was released in 1999
You should check out Shutter Island if you liked the genre
Yes
I think they are alright. Did you know thier mascot is warpaint?
I am a New York Jets fan but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What is yours?
It was written by Alex Garland, and it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Never let me go which is another science-fiction as well.
I am not sure if he has made any movies that he has made. Sorry.
Great! I hope that you enjoy them!
My favorite is Gangster Squad.
It was released in 2002
It is crime fiction great
Your welcome
I do! Luftslottet som sprängdes was written by Stieg Larsson, who also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes.
You might also enjoy The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo then.
Yes, he wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes, have you read it?
He directed Seven Samurai and directed and Indie film Yojimbo
Of course, he directed the Japanese film Yojimbo as well as the movie Akira Kurosawa
Sure, Akira Kurosawa is the sibling of Akira Kurosawa.
Anytime, have a great day!
The Good, the Bad, the Weird is a great one similar to Oldboy.
Confessions is starring Jennifer Lawrence, Mark Ruffalo. anything else i can answer?
Revolting Rhymes is an excellent comedy film. Anything else I can help you with?
you are welcome
They're OK. They're coached by Wayne Weaver. Does that ring a bell?
I like the Denver Broncos. I also like the Dallas Cowboys.
That's great! I hope they have a good season this year.
I do, he starred in The Wiz. You might like that one.
Yes, I have it as well. It is a nice movie, starring Emily Blunt and Tracie Thoms.
Yes, I think he was also in a movie called No Country for Old Men.
Yeah, Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror films? If so you might like Shark Night.
Then you might like World War Z, or Walking Tall. Do any of those sound good?
Have you seen Troy, starring Michael Caine? It is a great crime fiction film.
I do! My favorite player is Sam Horn. Do you like baseball?
Yes, if you like the Orioles, you are right. The Ravens are a good team too.
Yes they are. Do you have a favorite player?
He is best known for his movie Night Watch, and then he also wrote Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter.
Sure! Night Watch is a science fiction film directed by Brian Grazer, who also directed V for Vendetta.
Great, I think you'll enjoy it!
Oh yes! Bryan Singer directed The Usual Suspects, X-Men, X-Men 2 , Superman Returns and more. Are you interested in any of these?
Yes. Hugh Jackman starred in The Wolverine. Have you seen it?
That's right! He also wrote The Wolverine. Have you seen it?
He's theg guy that wrote, The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide: Five Complete Novels and One Story, am I right?
1986 was the year that released The Handmaid's Tale, The Left Hand of Darkness, was released
I can tell you that The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy II was also written by Douglas Adams
Do you need anything else?
What a great movie! Are you a fan of Marlon Brando?
Francis Ford Coppola wrote Apocalypse Now, which was directed by Robert Duvall.
Marlon Brando is great! He starred in Apocalypse Now, which was directed by James Patterson.
Great! Marlon Brando is also in The Women of Brewster Place and a long list of classics.
Yes, he also wrote Apocalypse Now, which starred Marlon Brando.
That was a great movie! She also starred in Apocalypse Now, which was a classic.
They are a strong team in the NFL. Their coach Mike McCarthy is really talented. I wonder if they will make the Super Bowl this year.
Oh wow, I know that. What sport do you follow?
Who is your favorite team? I am a fan of Pittsburgh too!
I don't have a big opinion about them. The team is owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey. I have heard they are a great team.
I'm actually not a big fan of football, Are we talking about the Patriots here?
I like baseball too! I'm a Padres fan.
That movie stars Zooey Deschanel
They both starred in and produced Beautiful Creatures, which is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
You Again is a Lie. It was written by David J. D. Salinger and also stars Tom Hanks.
Yes, The Namesake is a young adult fiction book written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Well, it's a fiction novel. I brought a little bit of romance to it.
Xenocide is a science fiction by American writer Orson Scott Card.
I'll add it now.
Thomas F. Wilson starred in Zoom. are you into Science Fiction movies?
Thomas F. Wilson starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie as well.
Enjoy!
He is a good singer. He also starred in The Christmas Blessing with Danny DeVito. Have you heard it?
He's under the country genre. If you like that, have you heard The Secret Life of Bees?
I do not know where he played. However, I do know he won the X-Men Award for entertainer of the year.
Yes I can. She wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes! It was adapted as a TV series by Sara Shepard. It's a comedy-drama. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure. However, I would recommend The Tailor of Panama which was released in 2007.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
I think they are a good team. Especially having Peter Reid in their team. Do you like them?
I love America football. My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you like football?
I don't really know much about college football. I prefer American football, do you like Army ofNavy?
I don't know much about footbal but i know they are professional football team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
I think Mike Tomlin is a great coach. I'm also a fan of the NY Giants.
I didn't know that! I think the Buccaneers were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVII.
Yes he starred in The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sean Connery and Cameron Diaz starred in it. It was a great movie.
You bet! I hope you enjoy the movie.
Enjoy the movie!
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and The Love of Law. Have you read either ?
That was also the year it was released
Yes she is a great writer as well.
You're welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter original language is English
Of course, you might like The Lake of Dreams or The Secrets of a Fire King. Do you like novels?
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote Defending Jacob.
Have you seen it? It's also a movie.
It's a thriller. It's about a father dealing with the accusation that his 14-year-old son is a murderer
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. What kind of books do you like reading?
It was released in 2010
Your welcome
Sure, he wrote many great works like Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, and A Midsummer Night's Dream. Do you like any of those genres?
What You Will is a romance novel that was released in 1903 and is the second volume of the stories by William Shakespeare.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
He's directed several films including headhunters
Headhunters stars Rory Kinnear and Benedict Cumberbatch as the headhunters
Great, enjoy!
Sure! A Thousand Splendid Suns is written by the same author!
Sure, he has also written A Thousand Splendid Suns, And The Mountains Echoed.
Great, enjoy!
Not sure. But I do know that he's a former world No. 1 in singles.
He is also the Executive Producer and Film Producer and he is also a director.
It is about a murder which takes place in the 1970s about a mysterious assassin working for a group of rebels trying to overthrow the government.
Enjoy!
You're welcome.
She starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
The Situation is a historical period drama that was released in 2016.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
He is. He wrote Friends with Benefits and starred in Friends with Benefits.
It was written by Shaun White and is a comedy genre
Wasn't she on Who's the Boss? I remember when she was on that show.
Yes, it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's considered Speculative fiction.
Do you like the author Harper Lee or the genre fiction?
Then I recommend The Manchurian Candidate written by Harper Lee.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
The Last Lecture was released in 2008 a non fiction genre. It shows it was written by two different authors.
I'm not sure about that, but Randy Pausch also starred in Star Trek
Will do, would you like me to add it to your list?
Yes. Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
The Wackness is a Drama and Comedy. Do you like those genres?
Sure, William Weaver starred in Wackness. Would you like me to play it for you?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Are you interested in other books by him?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror are also by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Ok, if you're interested in other books by him, you might like The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Are you familiar with this?
Great, I will add it to your list.
I remember he directed a suspense thriller movie in the late 1980s called Frantic. That movies starred Harrison Ford
Would you like to hear about other Thriller movies?
It was released in 1999
Writter Suzanne Collins also wrote Gregor the Overlander and Mockinjay.
Jack London wrote Toy Story 3. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I agree, The Call of the Wild was made into a movie.
Enjoy.
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Sci-Fi movie written by Richard Kelly and stars Seth Rogen along side Mary McDonnell. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
He was in the Warrior as well as the Avengers: Age of Ultron.
Yes he was in it and he also starred in The Hangover Part II.
He also was in Insomnia and The Usual Suspects.
I'm not sure when it was released.
Of course! She wrote Frankenstein. It also goes by the title The Modern Prometheus.
Frankenstein is an old piece that was released in 1818.
Frankenstein is written in English and released in 1818.
You are very welcome!
It is a Thriller/Crime Fiction.
It starred Brad Pitt, Edward Norton and Gwyneth Paltrow.
You're welcome, I'm happy to help.
Yes. Heen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues in 1929.
Yes. Erich Maria Remarque is a German author, he wrote Arc de Triomphe. He has written Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden, among others.
You are welcome. I hope that you enjoy the book.
He directed The Siege. Did you know he also wrote The Last Samurai?
Yes, he is. He was also in Thor the Dark World. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, Edward Zwick is in that film. He was also in Toxic which was another good one.
You're right. Snoop Dogg was in Training Day.
Yes he was. Robert De Niro was also in Volcano.
No problem!
There are a few teams I kind of like. The Reds are my favorite, but I kind of like the Mets, too. Are you a Mets fan or do you just like baseball in general?
I see. Do you have a favorite team?
I like baseball too. Who is your favorite team?
Sure! He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
It was released in 2005 and written by Stephen J. Dubner
Stephen J. Dubner, Stephen J. Dubner, and James Wilcox star in this movie. Do you like them?
Of course, I hope you enjoy it!
I know he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as Once Upon a Time in the West.
Yes, he did. Eli Wallach also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
He also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. If you're into romance films, you should check that out.
Absolutely. World Without End and Once Upon a Time in the West are a few more you might enjoy.
Yes, enjoy and have a great day!
No problem. Enjoy.
The writter Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote Timequake and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you heard of them?
I don't know any other Authors, but I can tell you that Welcome to the Monkey House has genre Speculative fiction.
Some other good ones are Welcome to the Monkey House and Weaveworld.
He has directed several movies like There's a Wocket in My Pocket, When a Stranger Calls, and many more. Have you seen any of these?
Daniel Radcliffe stars in it. Do you like him?
I think you'd like it. I'm a fan of Freeman! He was in The Civil War. That's a great movie too.
Sure! He starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes.
It came out in 1990 and also stars Carmen Argenziano. Do you like her movies?
Great choice! Judy Greer and Kevin Corrigan both starred in Unlawful Entry.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier is one of my favorite movie
Underdog is a comedy starring Marc John Jefferies and Denzel Washington.
He is a great actor. He has also starred in Wreck-It Ralph, and The Mask. Have you seen them?
They are. Didn't they win the Super Bowl last year?
If I'm not mistaken Philadelphia Eagles owner is Jeffrey Lurie.
I'm a huge fan of the New Orleans Saints!
I'm more of a Cowboys fan.
Ara Celi has most notably starred in American Beauty, alongside Peter Gallagher, it's a Drama and is really good!
It's a classic! Kevin Spacey and Annette Bening star in it.
Yes, it is. The movie is considered a comedy as well.
That's a great movie. Did you know it stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell?
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt, Tim Roth, and Ty Burrell.
I think it was released in 2010. It's also a great action movie.
You're very welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
Lethal Weapon, Beverly Hills Cop, Rambo, Under Siege are some of them
The Philosopher's Stone is also a good action movie. Have you seen it?
Sure, a couple of my favorites are World War Z and The End of the Affair. Do either of those interest you?
Sure, he also starred in a lot of movies like X-Men Apocalypse, Men in Black, and Mad Max.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy them!
Yes, he starred in The Truman Show, Beastly, and Civic Duty. Would you like more information about one of these?
Yes, she is! It also stars Vanessa Hudgens and Daniel von Bargen.
Yes! She has also starred in Funny People and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you seen those?
Yes. it stars Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman.
Yes, He has starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, it is a thriller and stars Huge Jackman. Have you seen it?
I am not sure, but it is a comedy/drama written by Ryan Reynolds. You should check it out.
You are welcome, goodbye.
He directed The Incredible Hulk and Now You See Me.
The Transporter stars Jason Statham and Matt Schulze. Are you a fan of Jason Statham?
He was also in Stephen King and he was also in The Transporter.
Good Will Hunting is written by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
Vampire Slayer is starring Ryan Reynolds and Jack Nicholson.
Yes, it is. Ben Affleck also wrote Good Will Hunting.
I am not sure about the genre, but The Town is a horror movie with a supernatural theme.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. gustave flaubert wrote A Child Called It. Have you read that?
Sure. Madame Bovary is a romance novel released in 1856. Also, it was released in 1856.
It was released a long time ago, the year 1856.
It is a literary realism. Do you like those genres?
If you like Literary Realism, you may like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
Great. Enjoy!
Collateral stars Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like him as a director?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder, Vanilla Sky, and The Last Samurai.
I don't know when it was released. I do know that Tom Cruise produced the film.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
Bruce Willis was also in Hudson Hawk
Bruce Willis was in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that one?
The Last Legion written by him is also a good one
sure do you need any other recommendations?
Let me see, I know that he's a Songwriter. Were you aware that he sung New Perspective?
Then you should check out The Voice. Have you heard of it?
I don't know much about Country music
Oh yes, he starred in The Halloween Tree, Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home, and Land of the Lost. Have you seen those?
No, Star Trek III was not in the sci-fi genre
It was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. It was released in 1922. Do you like the older books?
Sure, she also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban and the Half-Blood Prince.
It came out in 1922. It's a classic!
Your welcome.
He starred in You Again, Wolfen and Turner and Hooch. Have you seen them?
Yes. Jamie Lee Curtis starred in You Again, which is a comedy. He also starred in How to Train Your Dragon 2.
Great, I think you will enjoy it.
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi. Have you read that one?
I'm more of a fan of adventure, but I would recommend World Without End.
Yes, she did. Have you seen the film?
It is, I highly recommend it!
I have The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories is written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is written by dr.Do you want to know more about the story
You are welcome, there is anything else I can help you with ?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is also a good one.
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Are they good?
Well, if you like basketball, you should check out The Warriors. My favorite team is the Lakers
Not really, I know Steph Curry is a basketball player, he plays point guard right?
Sure, some great books he's written are: Teacher Man, Angela's Ashes: A Memoir, and Tis: A Memoir.
He also wrote Teacher Man
You are welcome
it HAS SEQUENCE BY NAME RED DRAGON
A couple of his books that you might like are The Silence of the Lambs: Red Dragon, Hannibal, and more.
It was released in 2004. It is also written by Thomas Harris.
Enjoy!
They're pretty good! Their Forward Gareth Bale is great!
Who is your favorite athlete?
Soccer in other countries.
He wrote To Have and Have Not, And he also wrote The Sea Wolf.
Would you like to hear about other fiction books from him?
It has a great cast. Do you like it because it is a drama?
It was a comedy also starring Richard Gere. Is that a comedy?
I haven't seen it, but I've heard it's good.
Yes, that is a great boxing drama. Did you know Peter Jason also starred in True Grit?
Great. I think you will enjoy it.
Have you heard of A Very Long Engagement with Denis Leary?
It was released in 2009 and is a romance / comedy genre.
That is a great book. She wrote The Very Hungry Caterpillar. Have you read it?
He wrote and starred in The Tales of Beedle the Bard.
Great, you can also try The Casual Vacancy or The Silkworm as well. Have you read those?
There are so many great ones to check out. World Without End, The Curse of the Black Pearl and The Giver are a few. I recommend them all!
The Divergent Series is a fantasy novel by Jane Austen. Would you like to read it?
You're very welcome.
Yes, Andrew Adamson wrote all three Shreks
Shrek 2 is an animated family genre. Do you like animated genre?
I don't really know a lot about them, I am from west coast. I do know their mascot is called Mr. Met. Do you like baseball?
I am not a huge fan of the Mets, but I do know they are in the National League East, owned by Steve Tisch and John Mayer.
The only one that I've heard of is The Redskins. It's hilarious.
Thomas Lennon starred in The Pacifier, The Social Network, and The Pacifier. Do you like any of these films?
Yes, it is a television series starring Thomas Lennon and J.K. Rowling. It is a TV series and it has a genre of Drama and Comedy.
I think she is the one that is similar to The Lone Ranger. Have you seen that movie?
the best team is the Redskins. Do you like football?
Agreed. Anything else I can help you with?
Certainly! It was written by Kong and stars Thomas Lennon and Jack Nicholson. It is an adventure/action film. Do you enjoy those genres?
He wrote the TV show True Grit and The Migrats.
I do not know the movie
I am more of a Green Bay Packer fan but John Fox is a pretty good coach of that football team. Do you like them?
I also like the Denver Broncos. I used to play at the AT&T Stadium when it first opened.
Yea, I think he played football as well. He was a defensive back too.
Great! I would recommend The Men Who Stare at Goats. It's a drama.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
They're in the National League, play at Citi Field, and the mascot is called Mr. Met. Do you like them?
I guess it was. The New York Mets haven't won a World Series since 2001, and that was 2001.
I like Field of Dreams because it's a Fantasy movie. Do you like sports movies?
Derrick Rose is an American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Yes, I like them too. I think he's a good basketball player
No, I haven't. I love his acting. He's a good player though.
Of course, Men in Black was written by Stephen King, it's a great romance thriller.
Yes, Do you like Men in Black because it is a comedy?
Yes, it was a part of a series. The next in the series is Science Fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! If you like Batman Begins, you must like Adventure films?
I'm not sure of the follow up but the Dark Knight is a Superhero thriller.
Enjoy your movies!
He also wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool.
They were released in the year 1922.
Sure, Timequake is about time travel. Mother Night is science fiction. Do you like either of those genres?
It's a Science Fiction. Do you like those types of books?
Another good one is Zoe's Tale, Xenocide, Wolf Brother
There's American Psycho, Primal Fear and Seven
Miley Cyrus starred in this movie.
Of course, it's a Thriller, based on the true story of a young man who was injured in an accident and remains in a comdey drama movie.
You're welcome.
E.V. Rieu wrote Oouoeia and was released -720.
E.V. Rieu wrote
He also wrote the Monkey House and The Lacuna.
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
It's young adult fiction. It was released in 2012
Your welcome
If You Give a Mouse a Cookie is written by Felicia Bond and was released in 1985.
No, both were written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Great, enjoy!
Sure, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like him as a director?
To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate are great examples of this genre.
I do. The second movie in that series is Ender's Game.
You are welcome!
Yes, The Power of Habit which was released in 2011.
The Power of Habit was released in 2011
Absolutely, Enjoy
The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also produced The Apocalypse Now
Yes he is a great coach. Did you know that they won the Championship in 2007 with him?
Yes he is. His current coach is Larry Bird. Did you know he was the owner of the Cleveland Cavaliers.
I think Jerry Reinsdorf has done a great job turning the franchise around.
Chicago Bulls : Team Owned by Jerry Reinsdorf
It sure does. They are one of the best teams in the AFC North division
your welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks. anything else i can do for you?
Yeah, it was a good one. It was released in 2013 and is an aging outlaw and crime fiction movie. If you like Nicholas Sparks, I highly recommend it.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Hush is a great movie similar to Crescendo
Well it was written by Jane Austen and it's a Romance novel. Do you like romance books?
Other romance novels in the same genre are Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
It is a romance novel that was made into a film about Persuasion.
You're welcome.
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Do you like his music? I like the American Dream which is my favorite rap album.
Sure! Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo as well as Finding Nemo.
It was released in 2013 and directed by Andrew Stanton. It is a romance film.
Yes she does. Ellen DeGeneres also starred in WALL-E.
You are very welcome!
Phil LaMarr starred in Zambezia
Yes, and she also starred in X-Men: First Class.
I have a WALL-E which is a great family movie. Have you seen it?
Will do! Hope you enjoy it!
Yes, He's an Indian International Cricketer who was a very well rounded player
That's true, do you know any other sports he plays?
That's right. He was a writer and an actor.
From the looks of him he is a Point Guard for the Portland Trail Blazers
From what I can see, Paul Allen owns the team.
I does! Seattle Seahawks is owned by Paul Allen. I think he's a great coach.
Yes! The King's Speech is written by Iain Canning and it is a drama/thriller starring Tom Cruise. Do you like him?
Yes that is correct. He has starred in it as well as The Truman Show. Have you seen it?
Same here, I do not know what you mean by the way, but Jesus of Nazareth was a drama.
I like her song La Tortura. Did you hear this song?
Yes, Sia Furler is a great vocalist. She won the Academy of Country Music Award for Video of the Year.
She is a very talented singer. I also like her
I think they are a pretty good team, I think Khalil Mack is an awesome linebacker!
Oh. I mean, I'm a Zack Bromans fan, but if I had to choose, they won the runner-up team in Super Bowl XLVII
That's great! They are a great team and always seem to be very entertaining at the end of the game.
He is from Oklahoma and plays basketball. Are you a fan?
He is a point guard. One of the best basketball players in the league.
I don't know if he does, but he is very good. He won NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
Sure thing! Hayley Atwell starred in The Pillars of the Earth which is a thriller and drama. Are you interested in thrillers?
Yes, I would recommend The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller.
Well then you might like The Pillars of the Earth or The Pillars of the Earth.
You're welcome.
Yes, that is a great movie written by John Adams.
Yes. She is a very talented actress. I think you would like The Good Doctor or The Day After Tomorrow.
That's my home team however I think the Bucs are not a very good team so I don;t follow them. Only what I hear on the news.
I do, Lovie Smith is a great coach.
I love football!
Robert Pattinson also wrote Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. It was great for young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
I would recommend Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. It's also considered a fantasy.
It's a great book! I highly recommend it.
Great, I think you will enjoy them!
Sure! He starred in Annie Hall and To Rome with Love. Have you seen either of those?
It's a great movie. It stars Emile Hirsch and Marcia Gay Harden. Do you like either of those actors?
I think you would also enjoy it. I recommend it for you.
Sure! Do you like Spirited Away because you are a fan of thrillers?
You might like The Punisher or The Mask of Zorro.
You might enjoy the Mist or Wild Grass.
You're welcome!
He wrote the Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read either?
It is a Fiction Novel that was written in 1993. It has a genre Speculative Fiction.
It was released in 1993. It is a great book about life.
You're welcome
Sure, it was written by Judd apatow and also stars Seth Rogen, Rory Kinnear and Jack Black. Do you like it because it's comedy?
Seth Rogen starred in The Watch and The Hunt for Red October. Have you seen either of these?
Yes, Mindy Kaling has a great cast. He also starred in Knocked Up, The Mists, and The Green Mile.
You're very welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Virgin Suicides, The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Virgin Suicides. Have you read any of those?
Yes Miranda Richardson was also in Gideon's Daughter.
Yes, Phantom of the Opera is a fantasy.
Of course, I hope you enjoy!
Yeah, I think she is very talented and is with Simon Konecki
I like Hello, but I also like Ed Sheran and Shakira,
I check it out, and if you like that one, you should check it out. I like Topher Grace
Inception' was directed by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote the Dark Knight.
The Prestige starred Hugh Jackman, Christian Bale, and The Dark Knight Rises.
Inception is starring Michael Caine and Margot Robbie.
The Prestige is also classified as Sci-Fi and Fantasy.
I'm not sure. However, The Prestige is also considered a Sci-Fi film.
You're welcome.
He is a football player who plays for the Brazil national football team
Wow, I had no idea. What do you know about Dani Alves plays for?
They're second in the NFC North and lost to the Pats today. Are you a football fan?
Yeah, they are doing good. They have a lot of good players in the NFC North so they are not doing too well.
Oh, I didn't know that! In that case, they're doing well, they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVII though.
Good Will Hunting is a great book by Francis Ford Coppola, who also wrote The Night of Your Life, which is similar.
This book was originally published in 1850 and was also made into a movie.
How about A Tale of Two Cities, do you like that genre?
Have you read A Tale of Two Cities, written by Charles Dickens?
Good class is young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome
Kierra Cass is an author. Some of her works include The Siren, The Prince, and The Guard. Have you read any of these?
Sure, she also wrote The Siren. It's considered a classic.
The Siren was released in 2011. It's about a girl who runs a ranch and the daughter's love life.
You're welcome.
Would you like more from the Mission Impossible Series, or other action movies?
Yes, it is.
Romance. You might enjoy The Last Samurai.
No problem, I am happy to help.
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm is a children's literature. It was also produced by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
You're welcome!
He wrote Relato de un naufrago
Ralph Steadman wrote in many genres including The Bluest Eye and The Bone Clocks.
It was written by Terry Pratchett. Would you like to read it?
Well, from what I've heard, he also wrote Gonzo the Art and The Joke's Over.
I hope you enjoy the book!
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smog, The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey, and the other Hobbit films.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Bradley Cooper starred in The Words, The Words, and Limitless. Have you seen any of these?
The Woods was released in 1997 and has a genre of Drama and Comedy.
It is a great movie! It is a romance thriller and was released in 2010.
I sure can. You might like Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth. Also, The Two Towers or The Silmarillion might interest you.
It is a romance novel. what else can i do for you?
no i do not. anything else i can do for you?
you are welcome
The Tell Tale Heart, The Black Cat and Hop Frog are some of his work. He also write poems. Are you interested in poems?
Raven was released in 1843.
You're welcome.
I know Cesc Fàbregas play for the Spain national football team.
Certainly? I don't know much about them either.
Not that I know of. That is where the team is located.
Aladdin is a Thriller, do you want me to take a more Thriller?
There was a Wolverine starring William Windom that was a great one
You might enjoy The Stand or The Manchurian Candidate.
The Good Thief starring Said Taghmaoui, it is an Action Thriller. Do you like Action Thrillers?
Philip Pullman and Scarlett Johansson also starred in it. I think you'll like it.
Yes, he did, and also directed it. If you like his work, you might also like Affair.
Glad to help, enjoy!
Quentin Tarantino has directed Pulp Fiction, Kill Bill and more.
Yes he was in Grindhouse. Do you know more about Rob Zombie music?
He also wrote House o 1000 Corpses. It's a great one.
No problem!
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Downfall is starring Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon
Starring Tate Donovan is also a good player
Your welcome.
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
Oh yes. I like her song Super Bass. Are you a fan of her?
Oh my gosh. That's one of my favorite songs from her.
Yes, it written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
Yes she also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass.
Yes it is the Mortal Instruments series
You're welcome.
By David Sedaris? I love that book. Have you read it?
Oh, no, it's actually a comedy. I think you'll really enjoy it.
Oh, no problem!
Sure! Fred Willard starred in Youth in Revolt and Roxanne, both Romantic comedies. Do you like that genre?
Youth in Revolt is a drama/romance
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy the movie.
Great! Have a great day!
You're welcome!
That was a dramatic movie starring Ato Essandoh. It was produced by Graham King, I am Sam might be something you like
Did you know that Djimon Hounsou starred in Unbreakable?
The Lord of War was released in 2004
Sure! She's starred in City of Bones and RoboCop 3. Have you seen either of those?
RoboCop 3 starred He also starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou.
Yes, he played in The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones
No. I know that Anne Hathaway and Meryl Streep star in it. Anything else I can help you with?
She has starred in another movie called The Silence of the Lambs, which is a romance film
Yes she was, along with Anne Hathaway.
Alright! Enjoy.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
Wolverine, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was also released in 1997.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Small Steps. They are both childrens literature. Do you enjoy reading that genre?
Okay, if you enjoy fiction you may want to try Undead and Unwed, The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Giver.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons and also The Da Vinci Code.
The Bourne Legacy is a fantasy film, starring Matt Damon. Do you like Dan Gilroy?
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum directed The Bourne Identity.
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki directed Ponyo and wrote The Egyptian and Cassablanca.
It is considered a thriller and drama, do you like that genre?
Fernando Hierro is also in Ponyo and also I know that Hayao Miyazaki starred in the film
Yes, it would be considered a satire and a drama.
Sure, he wrote There Will be Blood and The Master. He's been involved in a lot of different movies. Would you like to hear more?
There Will Be Blood stars Geraldine Chaplin, Charlie Korsmo and Judith Godreche.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Shadowhunter's Code which was also written by Paula Hawkins.
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins and released in 1996
Absolutely, Enjoy and have a great day
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, a great drama book is To Kill a Mockingbird, and The Manchurian Candidate.
You are very welcome, please enjoy
I haven't read it either. But, The Bad Beginning is a mystery type novel.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it is. Anything else I can help you with?
You are very welcome!
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Other Tales of Terror are similar works
Pinn was influenced by Vladimir Naokov. He wrote A Modest Proposal
Yes,It is written by Vladimir Naokov
It is a fantasy book
No problem
If you like Memoirs of a Geisha, then i would recommend you to read The Commoner, Pachinko
A Song of Ice and Fire is the next book in the series
He wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it?
Your welcome
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
Yes, it was.
No, I'm not sure about Anna Paquin, but he also starred in Sweet Home Alabama.
I'm not sure about that. I don't really know a lot about her. But if you're interested in Sex and the City, which are popular.
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Doctor Seuss.
There's a whole series by that one called The Cat in the Hat and The Lorax. Which one did you mean?
That's right, the same year that The Cat in the Hat was released.
Funny! Well, it's a great comedy and adventure movie. Did you know that Seth Rogen is starring in it?
Oh yea that's one of my favorites! He's been in a number of movies like Underworld, Wrath of the Titans and Unknown.
Yes, she was in Superbad with Emma Stone.
No problem!
Yes E.B. White wrote The Elements of Style and Stuart Little. Have you read them?
Sure. Safe Haven was written by Nicholas Sparks who also wrote Three Weeks with my Brother. It's a romance drama. Do you like romance?
Natalie Portman and Ben Stiller are the starring actors in that movie.
It was released in 2004. Do you want me to look it up?
You may also like Zombieland.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, I can. That is a great movie by James Cameron. Do you like his work?
Yes, Women of Brewster Place starred Glenn Plummer and Al Pacino.
I don't know a lot about Paul Winfield, but I do know that he directed The Women of Brewster Place.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it.
Natascha MeElhone is a British actess, best known for her roles in Ronin, The Truman Show and Solaris
The Truman Show was released in 2004. It also stars Peter Krause.
Deception Point was written by Dan Brown. It's a thriller and was released in 2000.
The genre is non-fiction
He wrote the Where the Wild Things Are and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Have you read either of those?
Little Bear is a Speculative fiction, do you like that genre?
You might also like the Mammoth Hunter series by Maurice Sendak, have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Can I help you with anything else?
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
Inland Empire is a fantasy
I don't have that information at this time. But it is a science fiction movie.
It was released in 1996.
Sure, I will add it now.
Your welcome
Gone with the Wind is a drama similar to Gone with the Wind.
How about Tender is the Night? It's a drama.
I am not sure about that. However I do know that it was produced by Scott Fitzgerald.
Your welcome.
Sure, Ellen starred in When a Man Loves a Woman with Andy Garcia. Have you ever watched that?
The tennis player? I haven't watched tennis in a while. Is there news about him?
Yes, I do like Serena. I know a lot about Venus and her sister Serena, but not as much as her sister Serena.
I didn't know that. I think Garfinkel is also a musician as well.
Go Set a Watchman by the same author and The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie
To Kill a Mockingbird is in the drama genre, have you seen The Manchurian Candidate?
You are welcome!
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
I do like her music but I'm not a fan of dancer, however I do like her music in high school. How about you?
Wow, I didn't know that. That's a good her. She's from California. She has a daughter, Sissy Spacek. She is also a regular judge on The Voice.
He starred in the show O.C
Yes, it stars Sandra Bullock and she is a great actor. Do you like Thrillers?
The O.C. is a romantic comedy starring Peter Farrelly. Another good one is Twenty-One Balloons.
You are welcome.
He wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
The Portable Atheist and Alice Adventures in Wonderland is a fantasy book.
The Portable Atheist and Alice's Adventures in Wonderland has genre Speculative Fiction.
Your welcome
Yes, he plays football in Midfielder position. He was born on Santa Marta. Do you like football?
He played as a Forward position and also as a midfielder.
Yes, he was on FC Porto as well. It was a nice sport.
I love her and her sister Serena better.
Me either. I don't really follow tennis much so I do not know if Brett Ratner is in it. What do you think?
I'm not sure about that, but Al Pacino was in Shark Night with Kyla Pratt.
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Wells. She also wrote Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel. Do you like Memoirs?
Robert Zemeckis wrote it. Do you know any other books he wrote?
She's a great author. She wrote The Lovely Bones and The Almost Moon. Are you familiar with those?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
That is also a great book. It is also a movie.
Yes, it is written by Jack London
You are welcome
I know she plays tennis. She was upset she lost the match with Lisa Raymond.
You have watched a match from time to time. Have you watched a match in the world?
I don't know. However, he is a good tennis player, right?
Yes he was. They were the runner ups for Super Bowl XLVII.
Sure, do you like Thor: The Dark World because it is a Fantasy?
Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's also a fantasy novel.
That movie stars Simon McBurney, Sam Elliott, and Nicole Kidman.
I hope you enjoy it!
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
Yes Wade Williams also starred in Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
Yes, he did
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you enjoy that author ?
You might like Timequake as well. It's a Speculative fiction.
Yes, it has quite a bit of romance in it. Do you like that genre?
He directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2, The Amazing Spider-Man 2, The Spider-Man 2, The Incredibles and more.
Yes. John Sayles wrote and starred in The Spiderwick Chronicles. He also wrote Is there anything else I can help with?
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
I think he is an amazing golfer. Got to see him in Phoenix. Did you know he also starred in Tin Cup?
I think he also won the 2010 Masters Tournament, which was cool.
I think it is pretty funny. Is that a comedy for sure?
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Secret Life of Bees. Have you seen that one?
I would also recommend The Other Guys and The Gift. Both are very similar.
enneth H. Blanchard wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement, and Who Moved My Cheese? Have you read either of those?
Yes, it's an autobiography that was released in 1981.
That is correct. It's similar to The One Minute Manager.
I do! He starred in Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy starred Elton John, Elton John, and Jennifer Lawrence. It's also a comedy.
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller, Science Fiction, Film Noir and Comedy. It's a great movie.
Of course, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas is written by Ralph Fiennes who also wrote The Green Mile
He did. He also wrote White House Down which is an action film. Do you like action films?
I'm not sure about it, but it is considered a political Thriller.
Yes she wrote The Virgin Blue, The last Runaway and the Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read these?
I believe it was released in 1997, have you read it?
I think I can find that it was directed by Tracy Chevalier and it was released in 1996. Have you read it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he directed both The Mist and The Green Mile. Are you a fan of Stephen King films?
The Mist was directed by Jason Darabont and also Frank Darabont. This movie was released in 2012. Do you like Chris Owen?
Great, do you like Action/Adventure movies?
Great, Woody Allen starred in Annie Hall. He also wrote Faithful Place and Broken Trail. Have you seen them?
Yes, Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons and also The Virgin Suicides.
Matt Damon and Dan Gilroy
It is a thriller
Zero Dark Thirty
good sci-fi
Welcome
Do you like Where the Sidewalk Ends because it is a post-apocalyptic fiction?
Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends and Where the Sidewalk Ends.
Esphyr Slobodkina, and Shel Silverstein are some similar authors.
You're welcome, have a great day!
I know that he is a country singer who composed Country Man. You like country?
I don't know a lot about her. I like his song Someone Else Calling You Baby. Do you like Taylor Swift?
Yes, I do , do you know her?
She is most known for writing Seabiscuit. It is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
It was released in 1999 and is an English language book.
You are welcome.
Sure, Oliver Stone directed The Doors. The Doors is written by Randall Jahnson
The Doors stars many big actors including Matt Damon, Ethan Hawke, Woody Harrelson, Dwayne Johnson, and Debra Winger.
Yes, The Doors is a 1992 American-Canadian romantic comedy-drama film.
You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear, The Name of the Wind, and Rogues. Have you read any of these?
You know if you like that one or you might like The Name of the Wind.
Sure thing!
Would you like recommendations for other books by Veronica Roth?
Great, I would recommend The Hunger Games. Also, Divergent is a Young-adult fiction. Would you like to hear more about that?
Yes! He is a player on the Manchester United F.C. team.
Yes, and he also plays soccer
He is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu who is also a former world No. 1 in singles.
Yes I do the Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier did you know that?
I am a fan. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
No, I haven't been following them since a while.
pitch perfect was written by Joel Coen, who also wrote To Rome with Love.
She also starred in Wrath of the Titans and Unstoppable.
Yes, he also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. and Underworld: Evolution.
I would recommend Zoom and Back to the Future Part II.
Would you like suggestions of other comedies if you like?
You are welcome.
Yes. He directed The Prophet. It is filled with great poetry.
I think Suresh Raina is an athlete. Isn't he on the cricket team in India? I guess he's know for his Right-arm Off Spin.
I don't follow it, but I do know a lot about it. I prefer American Football, what's your favorite team?
Yes, he is a great player. Do you know if he is still a cricket player?
He wrote Uglies and Touching Darkness.
It is a science fiction book that was released in 1987
Star Wars: Episode III - Attack of the Clones was released in 1981
You are very welcome, please enjoy
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Spain national football team. I don't follow soccer much.
I think I remember watching him play on FC Bayern Munich. Do you watch any other sports?
He does! He's a great player as well.
Yes, he also coached the Netherlands national football team. Are you a football fan?
Joseph Heller wrote The Lady in the Lake, The Stand, and The Devil's Advocate.
He was also a scientist and from the United States of America.
Yes, Fifty Shades Freed was written by E.L. James and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like this genre?
If you like that, you might also like The Alpha Master. Have you read that?
Bared to You is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
Sorry, I don't have that information
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, he is written Samtilche Erzahiungen and In der Strafkolonie.
It is a fiction novel, similar to Death in the Clouds.
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy them!
The Boys in The Boat: Nine Americans and Their Epic Quest for Gold
She also wrote Sea biscuit, an american legend and similar books are Flags of our fathers, Hiroshima and Band of brothers.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
He is a great actor. He starred in No Country for Old Men. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was written by Henry Selicks.
Yes he did and he also directed Braveheart as well.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on his work but he did write Braveheart so I know he is a director
Is there anything else I can help with?
He wrote The King's Speech, The Secret Life of Bees, and The Portable Atheist. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 1980.
Its a non-fiction/ non-fiction book. Do you like non-fiction?
No problem, glad to help
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Yes, they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVII
I don't know if he is playing for the Broncos. Do you like them?
Sure, It was written by Tracy Chevalier and it's a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes. It's a short story and a biography.
I'm sorry. I don't have any information on that one.
Tropic Thunder has a Genre of Adventure. Do you enjoy that? It is also a Biographical film.
The Cable Guy is starring Tom Cruise, Eddie Murphy, and Ed Harris. Do you like any of these actors?
Mary Shelley's Frankenstein starred in this movie.
Yes. Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
It was released in 2009. It's young adult fiction.
It's more of a fiction novel.
Enjoy your reading!
He directed an action film called Cutthroat Island, and a thriller called The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Willie Garson starred in this movie
It was released in 1995
Enjoy !
I'm not a huge fan of them. I do know they are owned by a woman Virginia McCaskey.
I think they have a good chance at the Eagles and the Falcons. They have a good chance.
Yes, the Bears were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII. I do like them.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. He also produced Fair Game as well as The Bourne Identity.
I do not think so, but John Liman also directed Pride and Prejudice.
I do not know who did the music but I do know that Sean Penn is also starring in the film.
I do not know who starred in Fair Game. I do know that Sean Penn starred in several films.
I do not I'm sorry. He does a great job with his sibling.
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
She stars in What's your number
Yes it was. It was directed by Frank Darabont.
I haven't seen it but I do know that it starred Gary Oldman. Do you like this type of film?
It also stars Zoey Deutch and James Franco. Are you a fan of either of those actors?
If you like sci-fi, you might like X-Men: The Last Stand.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
Yes i would. He directed 300: Rise of an Empire, Teddy Bear Chase, Smart People, The Affair, and Art Heist. Have you seen any of those?
300: Rise on an Empire stars Sullivan Stapleton, Peter Mensah and Eva Green
The movie was released in 1999.
You might like the movie 300: Rise on an Empire by Peter Mensah.
I'm not sure about that. I will have to look it up.
I am not sure of the name of Eva Green's birthplace.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about the Dodgers but I do know they are owned by Magic Johnson.
It is. It was written by Mark Johnson. Are you a fan of the Dodgers?
I can agree with that.
Sure, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
Interestingly it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson and Mervyn Peake and Mervyn Peake. It was released in 1886.
Besides that year, The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was released also in a movie.
I can find some. Have you seen The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Peace Like a River, Oryx and Crake, and A Lesson Before Dying are similar books.
There's one called Sword of Shannara, that was written by John Grisham and is a history book.
She wrote a series of books including Wideacre, The White Queen and The White Priness.
I know he is a football player, but I don't follow soccer much.
Yes, he's from Liverpool and plays for Everton FC. Do you like him?
Oh, yes it is. Alabama is a great team.
I actually don't know much about football either.
Patrick Suskind is an author who wrote Dumb and Dumber, have you heard of it?
The Grapes of Wrath is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like these genres?
Tropic of Cancer has a genre of Romance and Historical Fiction. Do you like these genres?
Yes it is a great example of fiction novels. have you read Any Given Sunday?
I do not know. It was released in 1998.
It was written by Anne Tyler. I am going to add it to your reading list?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Would you like it because it was written by Martin McDonagh, or because it was a thriller?
Yes, it does. It also stars Kevin Costner.
Sure! She is also in Seven Psychopaths, which is a good one.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, that was a great movie! Some of the actors in O Brother, Where Art Thou starred in O Brother, Where Art Thou, were you aware of this?
Sure! She also starred in Thirteen.
Yes, she also starred in a remake of Thirteen.
You're welcome!
It was written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
It is a genre Science
He also wrote The Good Dinosaur which is also a thriller.
Of course! Are you partial to works written by Henning Koch or do you like them?
It sure was. 2012 was a great year for books. A Walk in the Woods was also released. Have you read it?
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a great action/adventure movie, it is also a fantasy.
Yes, the movie Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is a good sci fi movie. Do you want any other recommendations?
Interstellar has a great cast, including Chris Hemsworth, Mackenzie Foy and Anne Hathaway
You're welcome
Yes, it is a young-adult fiction book
He directed American Pie, which is produced by Chris Weitz. He also directed the Golden Compass.
I am not sure but there were other stars in it. Are you a fan of his?
She was in The Golden Compass, which was a great movie.
Great, Enjoy
The only thing I really know about him is that he's a tennis player. I know he was born in London.
I haven't ever been to a game yet. I must be watching a match every time.
What is your favorite sport to play?
Melink Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince. That is the only book I know she wrote.
He also wrote the book Le Petit Prince.
He was a musician who also played a role in Le Petit Prince.
Did you like the movie because it's a Thriller/Sci-Fi movie?
Well, X-Men: The Last Stand has a genre of fantasy, action, and adventure. Which of those do you prefer?
Logan is a sci-fi and action film directed by Simon McBurney.
Absolutely! Enjoy!
Yes! he is a great writer and actor. Have you seen his movies?
Yeah. The Brothers Bloom is a good one. Joseph Gordon-Levitt is in it. Or if you like Sci-Fi type of movie then i recommend Looper. He wrote that one.
I like dramas. One of my favorites is Where the Wild Things Are. Have you seen that one?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes. Peter Bart wrote The Godfather
The Godfather also included Robert Duvall, Marlon Brando and Al Pacino.
The Godfather was released in 1998
Sure, it is a great book! The Green Mile is written by Stephen King and a similar book is The Shawshank Redemption. Have you read that one?
Stephen King also wrote The Shawshank Redemption, have you read that?
There is a film adaptation of The Dead Zone.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
I sure can, She wrote one book called The Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Are you a fan of her work?
She also wrote A Piece of the World.
Yes, both are considered children's literature.
I Am Legend starred Will Smith and Emma Thompson. It is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like those genres?
He's been in The Pursuit of Happyness, which is a thriller. Have you seen it?
He's been in a lot of actions movies. He was in I, Robot, Seven Pounds, The Pursuit of Happyness, and The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, I am a Timothy Dalton fan, he's in this.
Hot Fuzz is also a thriller and adventure film. Do you like action?
Yes it is. Wolf Brother is a good Adventure movie.
he is a scottish drummer, do you follow him
I like him, only that he is a friend of Taylor Swift when he was on the show. Do you like him?
I do, he is a great artist. I also like his song Someone Like You.
It was written in 1960.
Yes it was written by Emma McLaughlin
Yes, it was written by Claude-Michel Schönberg and stars Hugh Jackman, Eddie Redmayne and Anne Hathaway.
Have you seen The Golden Compass or The Picture of Dorian Gray? They are both musicals.
Perhaps you would like X-Men 2 or World Without End.
Yes, The Deer Hunter is written by Quinn K. Redeker and stars Tom Noonan. It's a Thriller. Do you like scary movies?
Yes, it was directed by Huckleberry Finn
Yes, he is also in this movie
It also stars Meryl Streep
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
It was a great job for them. It was especially having John Fox in their team. Do you like them?
Cold Mountain is a Thriller starring Ryan Reynolds. Do you like his movies?
I did not watch it but I think Renee Zellweger also starred in Shark Tale and Monsters vs. Aliens.
Cold Mountain is a great book. If you want me to add this to your watch list, you should also check out A Good Day to Die Hard.
J. K. Simmons is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
He has done a bunch. He starred in The Assassination of J.K. Simmons.
It also stars Stephen Fry and Paul Newman. I am not sure who is in it, though.
Ronan Bennett was one of the starring actors in Public Enemies. Stephen Graham and Shawn Hatosy also starred in it.
Oh, good movie! He was also in The Rum Diary with Amber Heard. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was very funny in The Rum Diary. It's a comedy and he also starred in it.
Oh, yes! Dark Shadows is a mystery thriller. I think you will enjoy it.
The movie stars Harrison Ford and Sela Ward. Are you a fan of Thrillers?
It was released in 1999.
Yes, I was happy to help.
He was in Star Wars Holiday Special on TV with Harrison Ford.
Yes, he was in The Fugitive. It's a great movie.
You're welcome.
J. M. Barrie wrote Peter Ban
The Tales of Beedle the Barrie is a similar book.
It's historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
The same Karim Benzema of Real Madrid C.F.? I don't really know him
Yea I think he plays for Paris Saint-Germain
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie written by Gary Scott Thompson.
VIn Diesel also starred in The Chronicles of Riddick. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman
Yes it did. Do you like Jonathan Silverman? He is also in Made.
Oh yeah, and he is a great star. That is a comedy too. Have you seen it?
Yes, they did. Kevin Nealon also starred in The Ordinary People and the critically acclaimed Full Metal Jacket.
Yes that is correct. The Gazebo is a comedy-drama
The Gazebo is a drama film directed by Ridley Scott.
Yes, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed Country of the Dreams, which is a drama and also a comedy. Do you like his work?
Sure, it stars Seth MacFarlane and it is a comedy, directed and produced by Peter Hyams
Seth MacFarlane is a great actor. He also starred in True Grit and The Tailor Soldier
Skyfall stars Chow Yun-fat, Mira Sorvino, Michael Fassbender
Yes. He also starred in The First Men in the Moon and The Second Coming.
Mark Boal is the producer for this film as well.
It is a Romance and Drama.
I recommend it for you.
You're very welcome!
Yes, it is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
That's also a part of a series. Would you like to hear more of her books?
Sorry, I am not much into the Vampires genre. I know Janet Evanovich has written a whole series of books.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, he directed the wonderful film Three Kings. Are you a fan of his?
It is considered a Thriller and Drama. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes she was. I am not sure if Jamie Kennedy starred in the movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by John Green and is a young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
I think he is the only film I know from him. He was also in the movie The Fault in Our Stars. Have you heard of it?
It came out in 2008 and is a young adult fiction.
Max Brooks is an author of World War Z, are you interested in that book?
2013! That was a great year for books.
Sure thing! Hope you enjoy it!
Enjoy your book!
Yes! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Turbo. The Proposal was a great movie too.
You should watch it. It's a thriller.
I haven't watched them either. They are very good.
Yes I do! My favorite book by Rufus Beck is Harry Potter and the priusoner of Azkaban. Do you know it?
The Fellowship of the Ring has adventure, such as The Phantom.
Have you seen The Fellowship of the Rings or The Return of the King?
Yes, it was written by Michael Endean. He has a great work in the Fantasy genre.
Did you like this movie because it starred Tom Cruise or because it was a Action/ Adventure movie?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder with Jerry Maguire.
Happy to help
Your welcome
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I think he's a really good artist. I really like him in movies too!
Yes I have and he also wrote Beastly. Do you like this type of movie?
I do, would you like me to add it to your watch list?
Yes it was written by Robert Wade and Ian Fleming great writers.
I recommend What Lies Beneath as well. It is a spy film.
It is, similar to Captain America: The Winter Soldier.
He is a soccer player for Mexico National Football team and Manchester United FC. Do you like soccer?
I believe Manchester United F.C is coached by Ryan Giggs.
You're welcome.
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. He also wrote The Alchemist. Have you read that book?
O Alquimista was released in 1988 and written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988.
Yes, Onze minutos was released in 1987. It's a Portuguese language.
He starred in movies such as Turbulence, The Shawshank Redemption, The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you heard of these movies?
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a horror film. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Yes, he plays for the Germany National Football team as a midfielder.
The Kansas City Chiefs are a AFC West National Footbal league team and was founded by Lamar Hunt.
I like to watch both football and baseball. What about you?
The Redskins are my favorite team! What is your favorite team?
The invention of wings is a book and film released in 1982. It is considered a book and a movie.
The Last Samurai is starring Yuki Matsuzaki, Takashi Shimura, and Hiroyuki Sanada
I'm not sure about that. I do know that Tom Cruise starred in The Pink Panther. Would you like to know more about it?
He was also in The Perfect Score.
Sure. If you like Andy Garcia, you might also like The Other Guys.
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
I have not seen it, its a great movie though.
Yes, it was a great movie. Jerry Maguire was also in it, and it was a comedy.
I'm also into Thrillers.
He directed the War Film, Battleship. Have you seen it?
It is a fantasy and adventure film. Do you like that genre?
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Wonder was written by RJ Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
Yes, Wonder also written by R.J. Palacio and released in 2014.
Yes it was also released in 2014
I am not sure about that but I can tell you it was also released in 2014
Your welcome. Glad I could help.
I recommend Zombieland - X-Men 2 or World War Z.
I am not sure, but Bill Murray starred in Zombieland which is a great comedy.
Yes, she wrote The Scarlet Letter
She also wrote The Princess and the Frog.
It is a romantic drama.
It was written in 1850
Young adult genre book is a fiction book. Another good book is Wicked Lovely.
I know that it was written by Jane Austen and released in 1817.
Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion is a romance novel. Another similar book is Sense and Sensibility.
If you liked romance, you may enjoy Persuasion. Also you might enjoy Persuasion.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I do. Do you like the genre Thriller or the actors in that film?
Tower Heist is a comedy/drama and it was released in 2002.
Tower Heist is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Can I help you with anything else?
She wrote оскресение and нна аренина. Have you heard of them?
Yes, Tolstoy's War and Peace into English is a great book in Russian.
You're welcome!
I've never actually seen it, but I love Orlando Bloom!
He also starred in other Pirates of the Caribbean movies like Troy, Wilde and Zulu.
Are you referring to the novel written by Kim Edwards?
I would recommend The Lake of Dreams or The Secrets of a Fire King. Do you like speculative fiction?
That is correct. Do you like Novels?
Snow Crash is a Speculative Fiction book written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like his books?
He starred in What's Your Number? a romantic comedy and The Perfect Score.
Sean Connery and Anna Kendrick also starred in the film. It's a romantic comedy.
I don't have that information. It was released in 2003.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
It was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. If you like his work, you might also like Tender is the Night.
Yes. Ernest Hemingway also wrote The Great Gatsby. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
You are welcome
Sure! He is a Swiss professional tennis player. Do you enjoy tennis?
No, I don't know much about Stan Wawrinka. Are you a fan?
Yes, he has starred in the 2012 Olympics.
There is a next in series to it, named Sellevision.
A Wolf at the Table was released in 2007 and is an English version. Would you like to know more about this book?
I am not sure about that, but it is a sequel.
Enjoy!
I have no idea, can you suggest any?
It's a fictional novel.
Terry Pratchett wrote this one.
Do you like Wes Craven because it is a thriller?
He also starred in My Soul to Take, where is a horror film.
Yes he does, he also starred in The Soul to Take. So did Zena Grey.
Glad to help!
Of course. Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Violin.
Yes, she did write Frankenstein.
I do not see anything listed that she has written anything recently.
Sure, have you read The Absolute Sandman, Volume One?
There are many great books in the fantasy genre, including Beowulf, The Graveyard Book and The Sparrow.
Glad to help!
Lois Lowry wrote The Patriot. It was made into a movie. Are you familiar with it?
It's considered a satire.
It was released in 1997
Yes. The Great Gatsby is a timeless classic! Are you interested in movies about war?
Sure, he directed Moon, Warcraft, and Source Code.
Moon starred Jamie Lee Curtis, Scott Bakula, Russell Peters and Cas Anvar.
It's a sci-fi, adventure film.
Yes I do the Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier did you know that?
I hope the Eagles will make it to the Super Bowl XI
I like the Cowboys as well. Do you have a favorite player?
I've always been to a live game live in person.
Sure! Do you like it because it is an adventure movie or because you are a Harrison Ford fan?
Garth Williams
He also directed The Imitation game, which is a great movie.
Yes, it is a great book written by Tony Gilroy
Yes, I have heard of him. I think he is one of the best actors in this film
I haven't seen it but I will check it out. Thanks for the info.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote the Harry Potter book.
Yes, J.R.R. Tolkien wrote The Lord of the Rings and many other interesting books like There's Back Again.
by John Lee Hancock?
Daniel Radcliffe starred in Snow White and the Huntsman.
He starred in Green Zone which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
The Lightning Thief is a young-adult-speculative fiction written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of this author?
I do, did you know that he also wrote The Titan's Curse, The Son of Sobek, and The Red Pyramid?
It's a fantasy, so I would also recommend The Titan's Curse if you haven't already read them.
Great, I think you will enjoy it!
She is in a movie called Harsh Times, it's an action/adventure film that was released in 2012.
The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban is one of her most famous.
No I do not but I know that she also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Inception is starring Michael Gaston. Michael Gaston starred in Sudden Death which is another great movie
Yes, he also wrote The Prestige
Sure! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. This is a war novel which was also made into a movie.
I sure do. He wrote To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises. Are you familiar with those?
Absolutely! Enjoy and have a great day!
Yes he starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic, Ed Skrein
Deadpool is a comedy
He is a Writer
Yes, he is. He was a runner-up for the 2012 PGA Championship.
Yes, he was influenced by Alonzo Mourning, who also starred in the movie.
Are you looking for other books by John Green, or other thrillers?
Yes. The Fault in Our Stars is a young adult fiction book written by John Green. Do you like that author?
Have you read Xenocide or Wolf Brother? They are both dramas.
Yes, This Lullaby was written by Ernest Hemingway, have you read it?
Enjoy!
Sure. He starred in Palo Alto, Your Highness and Whatever It Takes (romantoc comedy genre)
This movie stars Natalie Portman and is a romantic comedy, do you like her?
It was released in 2004
Your welcome enjoy
Yes, she is a writer and actress. She wrote The Bonesetter's Daughter. Are you familiar with her work?
It is classified as a fiction novel. She also wrote The Bonesetter's Daughter.
Yes, it would be considered a classic.
Yes, he directed The Apostle. Are you a fan of his?
It starred Harrison Ford and Farrah Fawcett. Have you seen it?
I don't have any information on that, but I do know it was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
I'm not sure but Bruce Willis starred in it.
You're welcome.
Yes. Mark Waters directed The Spider-Man 2, The Spider-Man 2, The Spider-Man 2, The Spider-Man 2, The Spider-Man 2 and the Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Matt Damon and Laurence Fishburne were in it. Do you know them?
I believe it is a comedy.
You're welcome
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another one of her b
Sure! Jane Austen wrote Mansfield Park and Lady Susan. Have you read either of those?
She wrote White Oleander as well as Paint it Black.
The genre is White Oleander. Paint It Black was released in 2003
You're welcome.
Akira Kurosawa is a great Indie film. He also starred in Seven Samurai and Ran. Do you like Indie films?
He starred in Akira Kurosawa. Have you seen that one?
Seven Samurai stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon to name a few.
I'm sorry I do not have a link for that movie.
Steve Kloves directed Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables didn't he?
That is correct. He also wrote The Invisible Man.
Oh, now that you mentioned it, I have no idea.
Okay, a lot of famous people wrote it like Romeo and Juliet
Once Upon a Time in the West is a western film similar to Open Range & Posse.
Shane has starred in many movies including The Adventure of Hulk and the Spongebob SquarePants Movie
You are welcome
Sure. Jodi Picoult wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read them?
Sure, you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a fantasy novel.
You're welcome.
Of course! He is a great author. He wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, to name a few.
Charles Dickens was influenced by A Christmas Carol, Oliver Twist. Does that sound interesting to you?
Yes, he did. This book was released in 1853.
That's right! I think I'll add it to your list.
Enjoy your reading!
He is a basketball athlete who lives in Long Beach, California.
No, I am not a huge fan
I do like to watch football. My favorite sport is football.
No, I haven't but I hope they have a good season this year.
I have not seen it but I know that it was written by William Nicholson
Yes, he also directed The Scorch Trials, The Maze Runner, and The Devil's Advocate. Have you seen any of those?
No, They're both comic movies. If you like Hellboy, you might also like Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen that one?
Atlas Shrugged is written by Leonard Peikoff and Ayn Rand. We the Living and Anthem are similar.
Yes, he did write We Are the Living. Are you familiar with her?
The book was released in 1957 as a reference book based on the book.
If I Stay is written by Gayle Forman, and is a fantasy book. Do you like the genre or the author?
You can try When You Reach Me or Wicked Lovely
You are most welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
You are very welcome.
Mark Osborne directed Kung Fu Panda. Do you like animated films and shows?
Yes, he is! He's a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Little Prince in Kung Fu Panda 2? He's a great actor.
He's been in a number of films including The Kung Fu Panda 2 and The Last Man.
Great! I'll add those to your list.
Sure, are you a fan of James Patterson who wrote the same book?
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
It is. Another good fiction book you might enjoy is Wuthering Heights, if you haven't read that one.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
They are a really good basketball team, coached by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
Not much of a basketball fan. I do know that it is located in Oakland, California. Are you a fan?
I do. I am a big fan of the Miami Heat. What about you?
I enjoy football as well. My team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, he is a cricket player from India.
Yes. Brady is a quarterback and has a brother named Gisele.
Yes. Bridget Moynahan starred with Richard Bridget Moynahan.
Sure, He wrote The Boy in The Striped Pyjamas which is a tragicomedy.
It's a tragicomedy. Do you like children's literature?
It was released in 2006, the same year as The Casual Vacancy.
Glad I could help!
Did you know it was written by Tony Gilroy?
Among others starred in the film are Scarlett Johansson and John Travolta.
It was released in 1999
You are welcome.
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
Then you might enjoy Young Adult films like The Hunger Games. It is part of a series called The Hunger Games series.
Actually this is a book by Tatiana de Rosney. It was released in 2007 in English even the author and title sound of a different language.
Yes, she did and it was released in 2009.
I don't know that information, but did you know that Tatiana de Rosnay also authored this book?
Your welcome.
She wrote the Childrens novel Black Beauty
Anna Sewell was influenced by Henry Sewell. She wrote the series of books.
No problem.
Yes, They are very good if you like them. Adam Levine is my favorite artist. Do you like them?
Yes, he does play the piano. He was born in Dallas, Texas.
I don't know if it is a TV show but it is very funny
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013. Do you like the author Christina Baker Kline?
No, Orphan Train is considered a historical novel. Do you like the genre Fantasy?
I really like all the work of Christina Baker Kline. Do you like her work as well?
Glad to help
Do you mean the Thriller with Kevin Spacey?
Charlie Hunnam and Charlie Bewley are two of the big stars in this movie.
There's no information on that.
You're welcome.
Sure, J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future, which also stars Thomas F. Wilson. Have you seen it?
Yes, Back to the Future with Lea Thompson was really good. It was also considered a Sci-Fi and a comedy.
Yes, it is a teen horror novel written by Stieg Larsson
Yes, he did. That was a great movie. Do you like Kevin Zegers movies?
Yes, I would recommend Neverwhere. It's a mystery.
Yes, Zodiac is also considered a crime fiction film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He's a great actor. He starred in Zookeeper and You've Been Warned.
Yes, he does.
Not a huge fan of the Green Bay Packers. But I like the Rams and the Chargers.
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki directed the movie Nine, which is a fantasy film.
Ponyo starred in a lot of action films. I would also recommend on Flux and Zathura: A Space Adventure.
It was released in 2005 and starred Charlize Theron. She is a very talented actress.
You're welcome.
Matt Damon wrote Good Will Hunting and starred in it. Good Will Hunting was produced by Tony Gilroy
I recommend The Mists of Avalon which is a mystery and The Lawnmower Man.
Wow, awesome! I'll add it to your watch list now!
It's a psychological thriller, I think you might like it!
Sure! I'll play it for you now.
I like him as an athlete. I think he is a quarterback for the New orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Oh I'm sure he had a long career in the Saints. I don't know any other sports. I know he's married to Eva Longoria.
It would be good to see them go too.
Sure! Bruce Willis was in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
Great! Have you seen A Good Day to Die Hard? It was released in 1987.
Richard E. Grant and Tom Hanks also star in it. Have you seen it?
Yes, Elisabeth Shue is a action movie, actually.
I will do! Enjoy!
You're welcome.
Gran Torino is starring Clint Eastwood and Dreama Walker is an independent film . You may also like another clint East wood film Million dollar Baby
Yes, Cory Hardrict starred in Warm Bodies with Cory Hardrict.
Kevin Corrigan starred in this movie alongside Cory Hardrict
You are very welcome, please enjoy
I would recommend Radiance and Warbreaker.
The Wheel of Time is a science fiction action novel by Brandon Sanderson. It was released in 2011.
It was released in 2004. Do you need any other recommendations?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy!
Mandy Moore is a similar movie
One of my favorites is The Shaggy Dog. Have you seen it?
I can't find any information on that, but if you like Molly Shannon starred in The Daytrippers as well, you might like it.
The Ender's Game was written by Terry Pratchett, who also wrote The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes, he wrote The Gate Thief and Xenocide. Do those sound interesting?
Xenocide is also a Speculative fiction and is a good one. You should check it out
Great, enjoy!
Sure, he directed the movie Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
He did star in Three Kings. He is a great actor.
You are welcome.
Anthony Daniels is a director. He starred in The Making of Star Wars with Kenny Baker. Have you seen that?
He also starred in the Star Wars films as well! Do you like science fiction films?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome.
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was an awesome movie
No, I'm sorry I don't
Your Welcome
I liked A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens. Did you know that he wrote The Good Dinosaur?
He also starred in Princess Mononoke which is a Christmas Carol.
Gothic fiction. The Black Cat is also a movie. Have you seen it?
Yes. Then you might like Goodfellas. It was also released that year.
I love her.
The only thing I really know about them is that they are one by Jeffrey Lurie.
Yeah, they weredrafted to the New England Patriots.
I did not know that. I don't have any information on that.
I did not know that. I will have to look it up.
Do you enjoy Speculative fiction or fantasy?
Yes, it is considered Speculative fiction and also considered children's literature.
Yes, it is considered children's literature as well. Other books in that genre include The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Sword of Shannara.
The are a pretty good team. Do you follow football much?
They played again in the Super Bowl XXVIII.
It would be great to see them play again that year. My son is a big fan and if it's the cowboys.
Sure thing! I know he wrote Troy, which is considered a thriller. Do you like this film because of the genre?
Have you heard of X-Men 2 or World Without End? They are both historical fiction.
It is a great movie, with a lot of people in it. I think you'll enjoy it.
Sure, enjoy!
Did you like the Sci-Fi aspect of it?
Do you haven't seen it? If so, I could look into Twilight.
It's a great movie! It stars Charlize Theron and Tom Hardy. Do you like them?
Oh great! I'll have to watch it again, it's been a long time since I think you'll like it.
Yes. 50/50 is a Romance movie. A similar movie to 50/50 is the movie Shopgirl. Would you like to see that one?
Yes, he was in this TV show and also it is a great sci-fi. Do you like Sci-Fi?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can give you some information about her.
True Believer is another good book, Do you like books by Nicholas Sparks?
Nicholas Sparks is the author of Last Song.
No, it is for a teens book. I think it sounds like a good plan.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
Well Wildcats was produced by John Lennon. I love his movies.
Yes, you might really enjoy Couples Retreat. It's a comedy also starring Vince Vaughn.
Sure. Are you in to sci-fi movies? The Alien movies were directed by the great James Cameron.
Volcano was a great series, also a movie. You might like The Exorcist or The Pillars of the Earth. Do either of those interest you?
Tommy Lee Jones is a great actor. He also starred in the Sci-Fi movie Adventures of Robinson Crusoe. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in Dante's Peak too. It's a fantasy adventure movie.
Enjoy them!
I do, it was written by Eric Brass and released in 2002. I think it will be a good read.
William Scott starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Great, you may like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
Oh yes, he is most well known for staring in Star Trek
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a Sci-Fi movie. Would you like to hear more about Walter Koeing movies?
The Voyage Home starred Gary Lockwood and Amy Smart. It is a Science Fiction Comedy. Would you like to hear more about The Voyage Home?
You are welcome. Glad to help.
ok, have a good day!
The Avengers, starring Denzel Washington, is a good movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, The Big Hit is a great Thriller! Other thriller movies that you might like are Zodiac, The Unborn, and The Green Mile.
Your welcome.
Cesc Fabregas play for the Spain national football team.
Yes the sport is great. Would you like to know more about Cesc Fabregas?
He won BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year.
They are pretty good. They were runners up in the 2003 NBA Finals.
I think he played a point guard in the game as well.
Yes, he did
Memento is a thriller. It was directed by Christopher Nolan and stars Thomas Lennon and Jora Fox
Yes, William Morgan Sheppard and Christopher Nolan also starred in The Prestige.
No I have not seen Wild at Heart but I know it was produced by Leonardo DiCaprio
Calvin Harris is a well known DJ that has also wrote some songs like We Found Love, and Dance With Me.
Rita Ora is also a model.
You're welcome. I hope you like it.
Yes, I do. Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smog, and the other Hobbit films.
He also starred in the Lord of the Rings series. Have you seen them?
Is there anything I can help you with?
Certainly!
Great. Glad I could help.
He is a basketball shooting guard, plus he won the NBA sixth Man of the Year Award.
Yes. I think he's really good. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he is the current coach for the Los Angeles Lakers, right?
That was a good movie, starring Shia LaBeouf, Karen Allen, and of course Harrison Ford. Are you a fan of any of those actors?
Sure, you can watch the Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
Sure, War of the Worlds, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
Your welcome
Crescendo is written by John Grisham and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Hush, Hush and Crescendo.
Great, I think you will enjoy it.
Sure it was written by James Dasher and The Scorch Trials and The Kill Order are similar.
Young adult fiction is starring James Dashner and Natasha Richardson.
Cool. They are young adult fiction.
Why certainly! A few of his films I recommend are Zodiac, The Good Girl, and The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen any of those?
Perhaps you would like A Christmas Carol, it is a historical drama like The Life of Pi. It was released in 1997.
He is a great actor. I would also recommend The Day After Tomorrow, which is a drama. It's a highly recommended movie.
Yes, he directed friends with Benefits. Justin Timberlake starred in it.
Annie stars Tracie Thoms and Sam Neill
Jamie Foxx also starred in A Good Ole Fashioned Orgy.
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks who also wrote Two By Two.
Yes, He was Message in a Bottle was released in 2000.
The Notebook was released in 2002. Two of the same year Message in a Bottle was released.
It was Message in the BFG and was authored by James Patterson.
Yes, he was the author of the book. One of my favorite books is What the Night Knows.
You are very welcome! He has a long list of books that have been made into movies.
Yes, Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion was written by Stephenie Meyer and it is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
No one. It's a very popular book that has been made into movies.
You're welcome!
Sure, Good in Bed was written by Nicholas Sparks who also wrote The Lady in the Lake. Would you like to know more about this book?
He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Yes, he also wrote The Crucible.
Yes he also wrote The Crucible, The Handmaid's Tale and The Bone Collector
Yes. Same year that When Bad Things Happen to Good People was released.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
They are. It was a great Super Bowl XLVII.
They are doing well this year, and their coach Tom Brady is doing a great job.
You are correct. Lolita wrote The Eight & Matched, which is a thriller.
It is written in English and released in 1962
I do. You should check out The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
You are very welcome. Enjoy
Yes I think he is a great singer and also a singer. Do you like him?
Yes, Jessica Biel also had a spouse in Jessica Biel.
Yes, it was a great movie. Tessa Thompson and Willie Garson are also in it.
Both were written by J. K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote a book called The Silkworm.
She also wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them and The Casual Vacancy, both are great books that you might enjoy.
It was released in 2014 and is an English version. Are you a fan of Harry Potter books?
Of course, if you like Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, you might also like The Southern Vampire Mysteries or The Percy Jackson.
Sure, it was released in 1998 and is an autobiography that was made into a movie.
Both were written by J. K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote a book called The Silkworm.
I don't know any others. Are you interested in any other books by J.K. Rowling?
I'm not sure but the book is in English.
I'm sorry, I don't show the book in English.
I dont have that information, but i can add it to your list.
No problem. Glad to help.
I do! Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
No, he plays for a France national football team. I don't follow soccer much.
I like James Harden, he is a great player. Have you heard of him?
I have never seen it. I might have to check it out.
I do. I would love to watch the Sci-Fi show called Space Jam.
No problem. I'll watch The Prestige then.
Inception starring Tom Hardy, Christopher Nolan, Michael Gaston, Christopher Nolan
Yes, that's right. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Enigma was released in 2002 and also stars Denis O'Hare
You got it.
Rob Reiner is an author he wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
If you like that one, you should check out The Fault in Our Stars. It has Rob Reiner in it and is also a Romance!
One of my favorites is Where the Red Fern Grows, which is a popular one.
Your welcome!
Yes. Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost and Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet.
They both are fiction.
Your welcome.
I agree! She has a good voice. I like the Muppets and the Wild One. How about you?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You should. She's a very talented person.
Did you like Michael Parks because he was in Men in Black 3?
They were runner-up for the 1986 & 1975 World Series. Are you a baseball fan?
I am not a fan of baseball but I do find it interesting that Tom Werner, the owner of the Red Sox, produced the Cosby Show. Do you like baseball?
It would be considered a Baseball player, as well as the Red Sox. My team is the Red Sox. Do you have a favorite team?
I think he's a great golfer, do you follow golf?
Wow, I am not so sure. I know he won the PGA and the British Open in 2012.
That sounds interesting, he's alright. He was in the 2010 Masters Tournament, right?
Yes. The Hurt Locker stars Robin Williams and Kathryn Bigelow
Yes he did, he also starred in Thor
Sure, it also stars Jeremy Renner, a writer, and a television producer.
Sure thing. I hope you enjoy!
I don't know a whole lot but I think they are in the NFL and are owned by Bill Bidwill.
No that is their home venue
Not really, but I do like college football.
I don't know a lot about him. Is he a professional footballer?
I didn't know that, because I don't like him. I think he's a good player though.
I don't really know much about soccer, but I'm more into American Football. What about you?
Unfortunately i have not read the book or heard of Gabriel Garcia Marquez the author.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any other books like this.
Yes, it is written in English.
Sure. Do you like books written by James Patterson or the genre?
I am not sure about it, but I can tell you it is a thriller.
Ok, it was written by James Patterson. It is also a fiction novel.
You are very welcome!
Yes, Atonement is a Thriller written by Ian McEwan and Christopher Hampton and stars Tom Hanks.
I'd recommend What's Eating Gilbert Grape and The Wolf of Wall Street. Both are excellent romance films.
Have you seen Apocalypse Now? It's more of a Tragicomedy.
Sure, he starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Great, if you like horror films, you might like The Pursuit of Happyness, or The Pursuit of Happyness.
Sure, some of the actors in the film are Zombieland, Corey Johnson, and Jeremy Renner.
No problem! Enjoy!
I'm a Lisa See fan so that was one of the first books I've read that she wrote. Have you read it?
It is a Historical fiction novel, do you like those types of books?
Would you like me to add it to your list?
I'm not a big fan of badminton but I did know that Saina Nehwal is an athlete that plays Badminton and he was born in Hisar.
No, I do not believe so.
Yes it is. The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet is also a Romance novel.
Yes, it is a great play written by William Shakespeare. I think you'll really enjoy his work.
Yes she is. You should check it out.
Sense and Sensibility was written by Jane Austen. Would you like other books by her?
Pride and Prejudice was also written by Jane Austen
I think he's great, I especially like the song Be with you. I haven't heard much about him lately though. Have you?
I think she is a great actress. Did you know she starred in The Muppets a musical comedy too?
You might enjoy that one as well. It is a dance-pop song.
The Aviator stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Frances Conroy. Are you a fan of either?
Kelli Garner, Martin Scorsese, and Franses Conroy starred in The Aviator.
He had a starring role in Titanic. Anything else I can help you with today?
Ok.
He directed Red Cliff. It's a drama.
Yes, Jennifer Esposito is starring in it.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either ?
The Swan Thieves is a young-adult fiction that was released in 2010
I do not know about the Historian. Can I help you with anything else?
Absolutely, I will send it right now.
Justin Rose is a famous golfer.
yes i love golf. what is your favorite sport?
no i didnt know that. and you are not a big tennis fan. do you like tennis?
I like basketball and football. what about you?
i have never been to a professional boxing game ever.
i have never been to a fan of his orleans saints. do you like football?
They are ok, The Atlanta Falcons fell to 4-7 season following Thursday's loss to the New Orleans Saints
Cam Newton. He is the current quarterback for the Atlanta Falcons.
My husband is a Patriots fan as well.
I would recommend Un di Velt Hot Geshvign by Marion Wiesel.
I am sorry, I do not have that information on it.
Yes. If you like Marion Wiesel, you might also like The Power of Forgiveness.
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
Yes. Ethan Suplee also starred in X-Men 2. I think you might like that.
Yes. William Lee Scott starred in The Butterfly Effect. He also starred in The Final Destination.
You are welcome.
They work under multiple labels including Warner Music, Universal Music and Republic Records. Do you like them?
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow did star in Gwyneth Paltrow.
I have never been there and may want to check it out. Can I tell you some of the people who are on it?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
They are ok, I know the Patriots owner is Robert Kraft and Tom Brady is their quarterback. Do you like the Patriots?
Yes, it is. Along with Tom Brady. What do you think of him?
Oh, I didn't know that. I think the team is playing the Titans today.
Oh wow, I didn't know Payton won the award for Best Male Video.
Sure! Terry George has directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Joaquin Phoenix. He is quite a director!
He also directed the Young Sherlock Holmes.
That one is in the drama genre.
Your welcome
Sure! Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
It was released in 1999. It has a genre of Drama and Fantasy. Do you like those genres?
That is correct. Beatrix Potter is listed as a writer, screenwriter, and a film producer.
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Michel Gondry and Michel Gondry.
He also starred in The Wolverine, which is a science fiction film.
That is a thriller. Is that what you want to know?
It is a romantic comedy. I hope you enjoy!
That is a romantic comedy.
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland was written by Tim Burton.
Lewis Carroll wrote The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian. What else can I do for you?
Glad I could help. Anything else I can help with?
You're welcome
The Incredibles is written by Brad Bird. Brad Bird starred in Ratatouille also.
The Incredibles was made into a movie. The Road to El Dorado is a good family friendly movie.
Zooey Deschanel starred in Ratatouille. It's a family friendly, but I think your kids will love it.
Yes, he plays professional basketball as a point guard for the Denver Nuggets
I don't know much about it, is it a nice sport?
Not a big fan of the New England Patriots. I think the Saints are doing well this season.
I like basketball and baseball. What about you?
I'm not a big fan of the sports. I do know it's been a long time since I've seen a few games.
I do,a ctually. It's a nice movie. Do you like that genre?
I really like when she and Seth Meyers (Late Night with Seth Meyers) went day drinking? Have you seen that clip?
I do, did you know she won the inaugural season of the television series American Idol
Yes, I like her music but I don't listen to that type of music. I think she is very talented.
I would prefer Heavy metal and rock as well.
Of course! Hot Fuzz is an action film, starring Gary Ross. Do you enjoy action films?
Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and he starred in Zombieland. Do you like his movies?
In that case, you might enjoy Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee, or Zodiac, a thriller.
Sure, Rum Diary stars Robert Downey Jr, and Matt Damon
Glad to help
I do not like Golf, but I know that Jordan Alexander Spieth is an American professional golfer on the PGA Tour and former world number one in the Official World Golf Ranking.
That's true. Have you seen the movie version of the golf movie?
I haven't played any sports but I do like baseball. Who is your favorite player?
Serenity is starring Naomi Watts and Emma Stone.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
You're welcome. Enjoy them!
It is both a Sci-Fi and Action Film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure. Michael Gondy is a writer and director. He directed Good Will Hunting, which is a sci-fi film.
Be Kind Remind starred Quinton Aaron
I love them! I especially love Adam Levine. How about you?
I like lloyd banks hes a great artist
Okay, I'll have to check them out, thank you for the recommendation.
Yes, I am a fan. I like Moonwalker, how about you?
I didn't know that! She's a talented actress.
That's good. It's a drama.
He plays for the Argentina national football team
How are they doing this season?
I haven't heard of them, but I know he is very talented, he is a very popular person.
Sure, Puss in Boots and Far Far away are like Shrek.
Yes, have you seen The Winder Soldier or The Usual Suspects?
Rob Riggle and Dax Flame are two of the starring actors in that movie.
You're welcome.
Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
The Wild Life starred Lindsay Duncan and Matthew McConaughey. Are you familiar with her?
I am not sure who starred in it. I do know Randy Quaid was also in National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation 2. Have you seen that movie? Its very funny
She is an author that wrote Silence and Hush, Hush
She also wrote Silence and the Half-Blood Prince
Hush hush is generally considered a fantasy novel
You're welcome
Do you mean the movie, or the book reference?
He also wrote any other funny movies like Cloud Atlas and The Simpsons Movie
Simon McBurney is one of the starring actors in Monsters.
You're welcome!
He directed Rango, a popular western film. He also wrote this as well.
It is a martial arts film, released in 2005.
Yes! Rango is considered an action film. Do you like action films?
Your welcome!
21 Jump Street stars Channing Tatum and Amanda Seyfried. It's a great movie
Ride Along has a genre of Adventure and comedy.
That is really good. You are welcome.
I'm sorry I don't have any suggestions for comedy movies.
Is there anything in particular you would like to know?
The Tale of the Body Thief is a children's literature book. You might also like A Christmas Carol if you like that one.
The Vampire Chronicles is a great book! It was written by Peter Hyams.
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote Gregor and the Marks of Secret. Perhaps that would be a good book.
I don't have any information on that.
No problem!
She is a musician who wrote Mansfield Park. Have you heard of her?
Mansfield Park is an historical fiction. Do you like historical fiction?
Yes, Mansfield Park is a romance novel. Have you read it?
Yes the genre is murder mystery. Do you like mystery movies?
Occasionally, if you like the Orient Express you should check out The Reptile Room.
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
I believe it is a non fiction genre. Another good novel is Xenocide.
You are very welcome, please enjoy!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Amelie is a horror movie also starring Nicholas Cage. It's a romantic comedy.
You're welcome. He also starred in A Beautiful Mind which is a historical period drama.
My favorite song is Don't Go Breaking My Heart. Do you listen to country music?
Yes, he is. He's a great singer. Do you like his music?
He is with the Beatles and has won a Grammy for Best Original Song.
Great. Have you seen Marlon Brando in the movie The Young Lions?
Have you seen The Young Lions? It's a Drama, also starring Marlon Brando.
I'd love to watch it! Viva Zapata has a lot of movies. A couple of my favorites are What About Bob, The Moth Diaries, and The House of Mirth.
Are you referring to the basketball player?
Yes I am a huge fan of the Miami Heat. How about you?
Yes, he did
He won the NBA All-Rookie Team in 2012
Mervyn Peake is a artist and author, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and was influenced by Michael Moorcock
Yes it was. It was written in 1886 by Vladimir Nabokov.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Other Stories.
Sure, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Would you like to know more about that?
Scarlett Johansson starred in it and she also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Yes she was in The Notebook.
Enjoy!
Drinks are an excellent movie. It was released in 2004.
It is a good movie, it was released in 2002 and is a romance film.
I think he was also in The Virgin Suicides, which is a good movie.
Ok, am unable to send it to you.
I also recommend that you watch The Devil Wears Prada.
The sequel to The Dark Knight is Batman Begins.
Sure, How about Zodiac, starring Vin Diesel? It's a great comedy movie.
The Dark Knight is starring Vin Diesel. it is an action/adventure movie.
It is a blockbuster and a film starring Robert De Niro.
I hope you enjoy it.
The complete Anne of green gables, blue castle and the Rilla of Ingleside. Want to know more?
It came out in 1926.
The Wonderful Story of Henry Sugar And Six More, The Mighty macs, The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Magic Faraway Tree were also released that year.
Sure, Christopher Meloni also starred in Wet Hot American Summer and The Last Days of Downtown. Have you seen either of those?
Then you might also enjoy The Warrior's Way, The Manchurian Candidate or The House of Mirth.
In addition to Christopher Meloni, it also stars Katherine Heigl and Ben Stiller.
You're welcome!
It was written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, he did. It was a great drama. Did you know that Peter Jackson starred in it?
I would also recommend The Mist or The Lawnmower Man.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He wrote Love is Gone and the song Wild Ones. Have you heard those songs?
I do, did you know he has a record label with Music and Music as well?
I like his lyrics to Love Takes Over. What is your favorite song of his?
I like him too. He has a great voice.
Sure. The Interview was written by Cyrus Norwrasteh which also directed The Young Messiah.
It is a psychological thriller. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy it.
You're very welcome have a wonderful day
It was a great comedy starring Seth Rogan and Katherine Heigl. Do you like comedies?
It came out in 2005.
Sure. Ray Romano also starred in The Wash and Funny People.
You're welcome.
Paul Pogba is a football/soccer player from Paris.
Yes that is true, they were the runner ups in the 1976 Cup Final.
I do like American football.
I actually don't know much about Ryan Griggs, but I do know he is a great player.
Yes, he is a good actor. He starred in She Hate Me. I really like his work. Have you watched it?
It's a drama if you like those kinds of films I'm not sure about that
Yes he did, Spike Lee directed the film.
Sure, do you like her book because she starred in the movie The Kids Are All Right?
I do not have that information but I can tell you she is also a model and a scientist.
Yes, he is from the United States.
Yes, she starred in The Poisonwood Bible and The Lacuna. have you seen them?
It is a Historical fiction genre.
Zoe's Tale is a science fiction novel written by John Scalzi.
You're welcome.
I think she's a great singer and actress. I really like her in Camp Rock and Princess Protection Program. Are you a fan?
Yes, he did. Larry Crowne was a comedy and Julia Roberts was very funny.
Those are great shows. If you like Ashton Kutcher, I think you should also watch Beloved a lot.
Do you like it because of the author Charlaine Harris?
Then I recommend Dead to the World. It is speculative fiction as well.
Sure! It was written by Charlaine Harris and is a thriller.
You're very welcome!
Sure, do you like action films?
Skyfall is listed as a Action/Adventure Film.
Its starring Denzel Washington
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't follow football much but I do know they were the runner-up team in Super Bowl XI
Well, I know from time to time. The team is coached by Mike Zimmer, do you know if that's true?
Yes, the Steelers were the runner up in Super Bowl XXVIII.
Yes, the movie stars Stephen Baldwin, Kevin Spacey, and Peter Greene. Do you like movies with those actors?
I like thrillers. Zodiac is another movie by Christopher McQuarrie.
I have not seen that movie. Can you tell me more about Tom Holland?
I do. Do you like them?
I like alternative rock. I like the Beatles. How about you?
Yes it was. And if you like that movie you should check out The Usual Suspects or The Problem.
Yes, it was written by John Green and released in 2012.
No, I do not know what genre it is, but it is also a mystery.
Your welcome.
It was a great action adventure film, with a little bit of drama. Do you like any of those actors?
Olivia Wilde also starred in Year One with Jeff Bridges
It is a very interesting one! I think you will enjoy it.
Not a problem
Sure, he wrote Teacher Man. Have you read that?
It's a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I can't wait to see the film! Would you like to know more about the film, or something else?
No problem!
21 Jump Street stars Channing Tatum. Do you like him?
He also starred in Magic Mike.
It came out in 2013
You're welcome
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
I love her! She has a wonderful voice. Do you like her music?
Yes, she starred in it as well. She is a great singer.
Oh yes she is. Same here. I really like Impersonations.
Yes, he died here in another movie called Mac Miller. The name of it is The Goonies
Great. I hope you like it.
The Hobbit was released in 2003 and is a Romance Film. Do you like that genre?
The next book in the series is Lord of the Rings.
Sure, The Rock was released in 1996. Movies similiar to The Rock is Eagle Eye, and Wild side.
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
Yes, that is correct. He was also in the Lord of the Rings. Have you seen it?
He plays football/soccer. He plays midfielder. Do you watch soccer?
I think I am more of a fan of the Buffalo Bills. What's your favorite team?
He plays midfielder and he is also a forward
The Matrix is a Sci-Fi movie, would you like to hear about other films in that genre?
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a fantasy movie. A great sci-fi movie is The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
You're welcome.
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray, have you seen it?
It stars Dennis Hopper and Bill Murray. It is a romance film.
It is. You should check it out.
Certainly, Kuriyama starred in quite a few films including Kill Bill Vol. 1. Do you like horror films?
The Sky Crawlers came out in 2002. Do you like horror films?
I do not show any other actors in the Sky Crawlers. Sorry I do not have any information on that.
I do not know any other actors in the Sky Crawlers. Are you aware of any other films in the series?
Sure. Would you like me to play it for you?
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the series The Oz Books, would you be interested in others in the series?
The Secret Life of Bees is also a fantasy film. Have you seen that one?
No problem! I hope you enjoy!
I'm a fan! I like Tik Tok and Die Young. How about you?
I haven't heard that one, but I like Electronic Dance music too. Who is your favorite?
I didn't know she was born in Nashville, that's where she played acoustic guitar
Great choice, he's written Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about him?
I did not know that one, but I do know it was released in 2007.
I am not sure but I know it also starred Audrey Hepburn, but I do know that it is a comedy drama.
I know he was born in Atlanta, so he won an award at the 2012 PGA Championship.
SteveJobs is an American actor, director, and producer. He starred in the film American Dream. Have you seen it?
It's a drama/crime. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome.
You are welcome.
He also starred in The Mask of Zorro.
I'm sorry I do not have that information at this time.
He wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Ugly Truth. Have you read these?
I really like The Ugly Truth. It is a book by Jeff Kinney.
It was released in 2014
Your Welcome
I don't follow basketball all that much but I do know he is a good player
I don't know the point guards. I know he won NBA Rookie of the Year award. That was a good one.
I've heard of it, but I don't know much about it. I'll have to catch up on some of his games.
They're in the National League, play at Citi Field, and the mascot is called Mr. Met. Do you like them?
Do you know if that is their home venue for the Mets?
I'll have to check out some of the players. My favorite team is the Redskins. What is yours?
He is a good soccer Player. He plays at Mexico National Football team and Manchester United FC. Do you like soccer?
I agree. He's doing well for the Mexico national football team.
I like that movie too! It's hard to explain, but I really like him as an actor now.
Absolutely! Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing and The Mummy Returns. Have you seen either of those?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, The Mummy Returns stars Steve Buscemi, who also starred in The Mummy Returns. You should definitely check it out!
Yes, it's a very popular fantasy movie. I'll add it to your watch list.
You're very welcome, please enjoy!
Wow, of course. I did not realize it was released in 1996. Do you want something newer and Indie?
Great! I think you might enjoy The House of Mirth, which starred Shirley Henderson. Have you seen it?
Also in that genre, it is The House of Seven Gables. Have you heard of it?
Yes, Rogue Nation is an action packed romance movie. Would you like to know more about it?
Sure. You might also like The X-Men Origins: Wolverine and the Goonies.
Pound of Flesh stars William Hurt, Josh Brolin, and Matt Dillon.
You're welcome.
Sure can! I recommend A House of Night Novel by P.C. Cast.
The only one that I know of is Untamed: A House of Night Novel. Have you read that one?
It is. I'm not sure what genre it is, but it is considered a fantasy novel.
You could try Undead and Unwed. It is by Melissa Marr.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Would you like more books by him?
It is a Thriller.
To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate might be a good choice.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
They are ok, I know the Patriots owner is Robert Kraft and Tom Brady is their quarterback. Do you like the Patriots?
Not really, I think so. They are ok. I'm more of a New England fan and if I'm not mistaken, they're a runner-up in Super Bowl XLVII.
The wife's name is Marlon Brando. I am a New England Patriots fan though.
The Town was written and starred in by Ben Affleck. Ben Affleck also wrote Towns.
Its a great movie. It starred Brad Pitt and Eli G.
No. I do not know who directed it
Good. Have fun!
Sure, WALL-E is a great movie. Is it the genre you prefer?
The Incredibles and The Avenger are also great Sci-Fi movies. Have you seen them?
it was a great sci-fi movie starring Tony Cox and Jack Nicholson and John Ratzenberger.
he also directed A Good Ole Fashioned Orgy. Have you seen it?
I'm not a big fan of him, I don't know a lot about him. I know he was in the Muppets though. Are you a fan of him?
I didn't know that. That is a good film, right?
Yes, I'm not a big fan of Russel Brand. I think He's a great actor.
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
I like him in 10 Days. He's a great actor. He also starred in The Pacifier, which is a comedy.
Yes, I loved that movie too. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I do! It's a classic movie starring Anne Hathaway and Meryl Streep. It's a romance and fashion movie.
Sure, he also starred in Reep and The Tales of Beedle the Bard.
I do. It is a great movie with a bit of drama in it.
Of course, enjoy!
peter starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
It's a comedy.
Sure. Some other great fantasy movies are The Fiery Cross, The Looking Glass Wars, and The Golden Compass.
The main lead in that film is Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson and LIam Hemsworth
You're welcome.
Thomas E Connolly starred in The Street Lawyer, The Shawshank Redemption, and Road to El Dorado. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, it was written by Thomas E. Connolly and was released in 1850.
You're welcome.
I know it was written by Sean Penn, but it is considered a drama.
Yes, he is a writer and an Actor. He also starred in No Country for Old Men which was a comedy.
No problem!
A wonderful movie. It stars Johnny Depp and David Kelly.
Where the Wild Things Are is a good one. Have you seen it?
You are very welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, Ship of Magic and Ship of Destiny, which are all great books.
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, Ship of Magic and Ship of Destiny, which are all Fiction.
Ship of Magic is written by Chris Pratchett, who also wrote The Golden Compass.
You are welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest. Have you read either of these?
Yes, it is. It's similar to Wilde's Tale which was also made into a movie.
It came out in 1969.
Great!
It was written by Sarah J. Maas and released in 2012. If you like that book, you might also enjoy The Assassin and the Pirate Lord.
Yes it was released in 2014. Sarah also wrote Crown of Midnight which is a thriller movie.
Sure, There's a Wocket in My Pocket which is also science fiction. Have you seen it?
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy them!
Sure, Jennifer Ehle starred in Zero Dark Thirty, Taking Chance, Salt and Men in Black 3. What genre do you like?
No, Mark Boal wrote Zero Dark Thirty but it's also written by Mark Boal and did you know that he also wrote The Hurt Locker
Do you want me to add it to your watch list?
I think he is one of the best players on the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about him either I do know he plays for the Colombia national football team
No, I do not know Shakira is from Columbia. What's her gig?
Sure, do you like the starring Roald Dahl or the genre?
He also wrote James and the Giant Peach.
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Broncos. Do you have a favorite player?
I like football - I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
They are a football team in the NFC south.
I'm not a fan of soccer, but I do enjoy watching Paul Pogba play again. How about you?
I like football and baseball. What about you? What sport do you like?
That's right. Alex Ferguson was a great coach. I'm a huge fan of his, if I had to choose a favorite.
Stephen Covey wrote The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People and it's in the self-help genre. Are you interested in more books by this author or self-help books?
The 5 Habits of Highly Effective People and The Lone Ranger are also written by Stephen R. Covey
That's the year The 5 Habits of Highly Effective People was released also the same year.
ok great choice, what other genre do you like?
Certainly! It was written by Guillermo del Toro, and is a fantasy-action movie. Do you like the genre or the actors?
I know that Charlie and the Choocolate Factory is a family genre movie, I would suggest watching it.
Have you seen the other Pirates of the Caribbean movies?
Have you seen the Pirates of the Caribbean: At the Water's Edge?
Yes, that was written by Lawrence Hauben starring Scatman Crothers. It is a Drama released in 1975.
The Man on the Moon is a great one! Another was War of the Worlds. Have you seen that one?
That is a great one. Then you might like War of the Worlds then.
Well, if you like historical period dramas you should check out The House of Mirth.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Lauren Oliver is quite the writer. She wrote To Rome with Love. To Rome with Love. what else can i do for you?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
No problem, enjoy!
Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine.
That is true. Do you know anything about Paul McCartney?
Yes, he is also a musician like the Velvet Underground.
I believe he plays for the Boston Celtics.
Wow, I didn't know that! What is your favorite player?
Oh, I believe he was. Do you know anything about basketball?
Stuck on You is a great movie similar to The Island.
Sure, if you like sci-fi you might enjoy X-Men 2 or World War Z.
It's a good movie. David McRaney and Tim Roth all starred in it. I think you would enjoy it.
Glad to be of assistance
Yes, he starred in Harsh Times, it's an action/drama film have you seen it?
Yes, he was also in National Treasure. Do you like his acting?
The Prestige stars Hugh Jackman, Christian Bale, Scarlett Johannson, David Bowie, and Christian Bale. Are you a fan of any other actors?
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Rick Riordan and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy novel by Frank Beddor
your welcome
He is a professional footballer player for the Argentina national football team
Yes, I do. American Football is a great sport with a great team.
I do like the Dallas Cowboys, they are a great team.
Yes, Sean Barrett wrote Xenocide. Are you a fan of speculative fiction?
Yes it is in the English language.
Do you know if I can help you with anything else?
thank you
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a fan of them?
I like Basketball a lot, but I like the movie Space Jam, what about yours?
I don't know much about them , but i know they are a professional basketball team as well.
He wrote Candide.
I don't have that information just yet, but it was released in 1726.
I highly recommend The Hangover or The Pillars of the Earth. Both are excellent musical theaters.
You're welcome!
Of course! Winnie the Pooh was written by John Steinbeck, but he also wrote When We Were Very Young.
He also wrote the Tao of Pooh. Think you might like that one too.
You're welcome.
I do! He's a great athlete. Isn't he married to Coleen Rooney?
Yes, he is a good soccer player.
Oh yeah. That is where the New Jersey Devils play.
They have a coach named Jose Mourinho.
Actually, I don't know. He's a former world No. 1 in singles.
Occasionally, yes. Football is my favorite. Who is yours?
This book is part of a series. the Dvergent Trilogy
You might like The Looking Glass Wars or The Golden Compass.
No problem! Anything else you would like to know?
Pulp Fiction is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland.
Sure. Enjoy!
Yes, he is a soccer player for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC. Do you like soccer?
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, he wrote The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe.
I'm not sure.
Forever Odd has a French version.
No problem
Not really, but I know they are owned by Fred Wilpon and part of the National League East. Are you a fan?
They have a good season. They're in the National League East, which is a tough division
No. I'm sorry. I don't have that information right now.
I think the Tennessee Titans is a good team.
He was a killer as well. I'm not a big fan of football. But I have heard Yossi Benson was a killer as well.
No, I don't have a favorite player. What is yours?
Sure, It was written by Saulius Dagys.
Yes I do! She wrote The Princess Diaries and was a great movie. Have you seen them?
Trace is written by Michael Connelly. Would you like to know more about her?
The movie Gone is in the genre of Speculative Fiction.
Yes he is! Do you like Crime Fiction?
Sure this was released in 1891 and Influenced By Thomas Gray. Would you like to stay with the same author?
I am sorry, I do not have much information on his work actually.
The Woodlanders was released in 1891, and the genre is Non-Fiction.
It was released in 1891.
He was in Animal Kingdom: Let's go Ape.
Some of the stars include Ashton Kutcher and Tim Matheson
You are very welcome, enjoy!
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
Anne Hathaway also starred in Les visiteurs. It's a Sci-Fi/Horror.
Yes, it is in the English language.
No problem. Would you like to know anything else?
I know he won the 2012 PGA Championship. I think that is cool.
Not yet. I think he was from Ireland. Ireland is such a great place to visit. Have you been there?
Yup, they are all from Northern Ireland. I love their music.
Yeah, Tron: Legacy is starring Tom Cruise, Michael Fassbender and many more. Do you like Tom Cruise?
It is an action movie.
Well, there is also the sequel to The Island of Dr. Moreau, which is also a sci-fi movie.
Great. Glad I could help.
District 9 is a Sci-Fi movie written and directed by Neill Blomkamp. He also directed Elysium.
The Neon Demon is a great movie. I think you will like it.
The Neon Demon stars Bruce Willis and Danny DeVito. It's also a thriller.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I do! She sung A Thousand Years and Lovestrong right?
Yes, he's a great singer. I wonder if she's from Nashville, too.
I like the songs a lot. My favorite is acoustic singer like Russell Crowe.
Definitely! It's new.
Sure. That was written by Diana Gabaldon. It is also a romance novel, is that a type of genre that interests you?
Sure, no problem. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! He also wrote A House of Night, which is a fantasy novel which is also a historical novel. It's a great read!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II and Old School, do you like comedy movies?
He also wrote Old School. Have you seen it?
Old School is a comedy. It has genre Comedy.
I'd love to watch basketball when you can. Do you like to watch basketball?
Yes, it is a great movie starring Matthew McConaughey. Have you seen it?
I haven't read it but I have heard of it. Hans Christian Andersen also wrote The Nightingale. It is a speculative fiction novel.
Yes she did! Winter Garden was released in 2014. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No problem! You're welcome.
I'm not sure he wrote II Principe didn't he?
He wrote it in Spanish and Spanish. This book was also made into a movie in 1989
Would you like to know more about these books?
There are so many to choose from!
Pete Docter directed Up and also directed Monsters, Inc. Does that sound interesting to you?
She's written The Way of Zen and The Five Love Languages of Children. Have you read them?
It is a crime fiction. Do you like those kinds of movies?
The BFG is a family movie. It is also a Sci-Fi movie
You are most welcome.
They won the Championship in the year 1995 didn't they?
Zooey Deschanel won that award
I don't have information on Hardaway but I can tell you more
I like Renaldo Balkman too, he is a great player
The Gunslinger was written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Would you like more books by that author?
It was released in 2008.
You're welcome.
It is a Thriller, do you like Thriller movies?
Zodiac is a Thriller, similar to Robert Downey Jr., which is another good Thriller.
I don't have that information at this moment
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season. I think their owner Randy Lerner would be happier with a better place.
I'm also a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. Isn't Michael Strahan that played for the Saints this year?
What is your favorite team? I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
I was not a big fan of the Browns.
He wrote 1Q84 Books 1-2. He researched Japanese studies.
I don't have that information at this time but
This book is in the English language.
Yes he also wrote  [Z no shmetsu]
You're welcome
Oh yes, It was written by Saulius Dagys.
I believe it is a self help book.
Sure. A couple of my favorites are The Magician's Land and The Magician's Nephew.
You are welcome.
Yes, but tell me, are you only interested in the sci-fi genre?
Predator is also a Sci-Fi movie, have you seen it?
Next is Avengers: Age of Ultron, starring Scarlett Johansson
I don't have information about Insurgent. I can give you more information about the movie in suspense
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes. Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
He also wrote Where the Heart Is. It is a very good book.
He also wrote The Crucible, Where the Heart Is.
You're welcome
Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen it?
Yes it is. Do you need any other information?
Yes! Sex is a great actress. She also starred in The Handmaid's Tale.
Yes! She was! That was a great film.
He was also in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Gone with the Wind.
Sure! F. Murray Abraham starred in Finding Forrester, The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Bridge of San Luis Rey, have you seen any of those?
Sure! Scarface is a thriller. He also starred in The Rules of Attraction.
I cannot find a science fiction movie.
Well it was directed by Chris Hemsworth, who also directed Scarlett Johansson. Do you like his work?
Yes it is. It's a thriller and science fiction film.
No problem
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I like soccer and football, but my favorite team is the Washington Redskins. What sports do you like?
No, I only watch college football, what's your favorite team?
I don't really follow them that much but I do like their coach John Fox. Are you a fan?
Do you follow any other teams in the afc north?
I like the Steelers and the Chargers.
If you like Outlander, yes. Outlander is written by Charles Dickens.
If you like Outlander, you should also try The Scottish Prisoner or The Fiery Cross. They are both great Sci-Fi books.
Xeneo DiCaprio is another great sci-fi adventure movie. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
I know it was written by Harper Lee but I never read the book yet.
That is a great book written by Harper Lee. Would you like to read it?
Then I would recommend To Kill a Mockingbird.
You are welcome
They are a soccer team, not very familiar with them. I did find they are coached by Louis van Gaal.
Well, I know he's a great coach with the German national team. What's your favorite sport?
I think he also starred in Swindle 2013, a really good movie.
Sure, One for the Money is a Speculative fiction book, Do you like that genre?
DIary is written by Meg Cabot. Did you know it was made into a movie?
Yes, Stephenie Meyer also wrote The Chemist and The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner
I am not sure, but I can tell you that Stephenie Meyer wrote The Chemist
You are welcome.
Inside Out is a Thriller, starring Denzel Washington, Sam Elliot, and Kristen Stewart. It's a great family movie.
That's correct. She also was in No Strings Attached.
This is the End is a comedy-drama. It's very funny.
Great, I hope you like it!
Great!
Well, he starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Amy Sedaris. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
Yes she starred in a television show called Everybody Loves Raymond, which also starred Sarah Silverman.
She has starred in What Women Want also starring Sarah Silverman. It is a Science Fiction Comedy. Have you seen it yet?
Sure! Ron Howard has directed A Beautiful Mind which is a fantasy film. Do you like dramas?
Have you seen A Beautiful Mind, starring Vince Vaughn?
He also directed A Beautiful Mind which was a comedy as well.
Well, it appears that he directed it, and he also wrote Fifty Shades of Grey.
Mr & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn and Stephanie March. Are you interested in movies with those actors or writer ?
Be sure to check out Troy and The Tree of Life if you haven't seen it
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly. The movie stars Seth Rogen. Do you like Thriller movies?
No, he did write the Box but I do know that it was released in 1994.
Yes, The Box is a Thriller.
Sure The Golden Compass starring Ian McKellen. He was also in The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
Sure. The Throne of Glass is written by Rick Riordan. The Assassin and the Desert is also a classic.
The Throne of Shadows is a fantasy
I can recommend The Assassin's Blade if you like.
Sure. That was written by Hayao Miyazaki. Hayao Miyazaki also directed it.
Sure. The movie is based on the true story of a co-author with Nicholas Cage. If you are into mystery movies, this movie will be a great movie.
Enjoy!
Certainly, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
It certainly is. Do you like it because it is a drama?
You're welcome. You're welcome.
Sure! Do you enjoy movies with Sandra Bullock in it or rom-com in general?
Did you know that Sandra Bullock also starred in X-Men: First Class?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Enjoy
Yes. I like Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he also wrote Will Grayson, The Fault in Our Stars, and Looking for Alaska. Are you familiar with these?
It's an autobiography.
Enjoy!
If you like Outlander, you might like The Name of the Wind. It is a Fantasy novel.
It was released in 2013.
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Eleanor & Park is a great book by Rainbow Rowell. Are you interested in hearing abiout similar books?
Yes, she also wrote The Secret Life of Bees and The Greatest Show
The Lola and the Boy Next Door is a romance novel
Your welcome
Yes, he wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also starred in the movie, The Running Man, which is a science fiction/fantasy film. Do you like that genre?
I recommend Ratatouille, an animated movie written by John C. O'Brien. It's a family favorite.
I do! She's a Danish tennis player and was a former world No 1 in singles. She's a fantastic player
Definitely, Serena will be my favorite Serena better than Venus. Venus has had a long and profitable career but not as successful as Venus.
I'm pretty sure it is a comedy.
Sure! He directed The Skulls. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But I can tell you that Sucker Punch is starring Stephen McHattie, who also starred in Sucker Punch.
Sure, it is a comedy and also a suspense movie, It might be a good movie to be seen
Sure, if you like Science Fiction, you might like The Mist or The Lawnmower Man. They are also great comedy.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing. It was good.
Then you'll like The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass, or The Magician King.
Yes, it's part of the Gemma Doyle series. And it's part of the Gemma Doyle series. If you like children's literature you should try it.
Sure, I'd recommend The Ruby in the Smoke and The Prisoner of Zenda. They're both great.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Rebecca was written by Daphne du Maurie, in 1938.
It's a mystery, written by Daphne du Maurier.
No. I do not know who starred in it.
No problem. I hope you enjoy!
I really don't like them. It's my least favorite team in the AFC West, and I hate their mascot Miles.
Case Keenum was a former American football player and former coach of the Denver Broncos. Do you like him?
Hugh Jackman is their coach. What is your favorite team?
What sports do you enjoy? The coach is John Fox
He's a great player. I'm also a fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
Yes! He is a player on the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not sure, but I know he is a Midfielder.
Yes it is. They're the home venue.
A Wrinkle in Time is a Science Fiction book written by Madeleine L'Engle. She also wrote The Iron Queen.
It is a Fantasy book. Do you like Fantasy?
You might like the Zoe's Tale. It is a great sci-fi book.
Correct. It was written by Robert O'Brien.
I do! I like his song Marry You. Do you have a favorite song of his?
One of my favorites is What I Like About You. Have you seen that one?
I haven't heard that one yet, but I will check it out.
You might enjoy The Phantom Tollbooth. It is a speculative fiction novel and was co-written by George Spafford. Have you read this one yet?
It's about Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, have you read it?
Great! Would you like to know anything else about the book?
Great, have a nice day!
I know he was born in Atlanta but plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Are you a football fan?
The Wildcats are a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois
Are you a fan of Woody Harrelson? I don't follow football too closely.
Sure, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Micmacs. He also wrote A Very Long Engagement and Micmacs.
Micmacs is a French Crime Fiction. It is also a film.
Oliver Platt and Jeff Bridges are in it. Do you like westerns?
Welcome
Sure, it's written by Jay Asher and the genre is young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Well, if you like young-adult fiction, you might also enjoy The Future of Us.
Well, it's a fiction that you might like to read.
It was released in 2007. I think he will enjoy it.
It's an autobiographical novel by Emma Stone. Does that interest you?
Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility are top reads by her.
It was published in 1817.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure! He wrote Michael Clayton. It starred George Clooney. Do you like that film?
Winter's Bone is a good mystery movie. Have you seen that yet?
The Red Violin is a great mystery movie, it also stars Matthew McConaughey and Olivia Munn. Do you like them?
Certainly! I hope you enjoy it.
